Please welcome to Nordstadt.
My name is Carina, I'm going to be hosting this focus group.
It's a customary discussion group.
Tonight we are for two hours going to talk about when it is important to keep your breath fresh.
And I've got a host of questions, quite a lot of ground to cover, so sometimes it's quick, but that is just so we should cover everything.
There's no right, no wrong answers.
I will just shoot questions and you just say what you want and you don't need to think yourself.
opinion then I'll be happy.
What's also important, I'm recording this, that is for a project group, but it's kept confidential.
Well, what else?
We've got a client behind the screen watching us today, but let's give them a wave and forget about them and focus on us in here.
But they are of course interested in hearing what you're thinking of this with having a fresh breath and the materials we're going to cover.
I'll guide you through the evening simply and Well, any questions?
No, no questions.
You work for Nordstadt?
Yes, I work at Nordstadt.
Or for Nordstadt, I should say, I am being hired in to moderate.
I am not an expert on fresh breath in any way, but I just want to understand your thoughts regarding that.
I should emphasize that too I suppose.
I was thinking, should we just go around the table and do some introductions?
First name and what you do every day, like maybe what you're working with or you're studying or whatnot, starting with you.
Ludwig, I work normally as a substitute teacher.
Thank you, welcome.
Maja, I am a consultant as an undertaker.
Welcome, Helena is my name.
I work at Stockholm University.
At the university, wow.
Nathalie, I study network technologies.
Filip, I work at a gas station.
Magnus, sell quality management systems.
And I know what you do and what your names are.
Now, my thinking was that we should be talking about fresh breath.
And well, I was thinking that we should start talking of what you normally use when you're outside your home.
...
have to choose simply.
And then I was thinking, there's two opposite poles here.
You take two things and should it be quick onset or long lasting effect?
I think long lasting.
I agree.
How many agree with that, long lasting?
Every one of you.
It depends on the situation, of course, but if you have to choose.
Big or small size of the thing you put in your mouth?
Medium.
Small, small.
Sucking on it or biting?
Potent and intense or smooth and weak?
A bit different here, mixed opinions, we'll take both.
Sweet and candy-like or natural and clean taste?
Natural and clean taste?
There you are in consensus.
Why should you not be biting?
We've got old teeth.
Well, it costs a lot to fix your teeth.
Why should it be small, not big?
Otherwise you could put it like a piece of snus.
It should be discreet.
Why?
Because you may not be able to chew at work.
It shouldn't be visible, simply.
And not be audible either, for that matter.
It shouldn't be noticed.
I've got a few more.
Visible or discreet?
We've already covered that.
Lower price or more sustainable?
Environmentally friendly price?
Oké, dan weet ik dat.
Laten we zien hier.
Nou, ik dacht dat ik veel concepten had.
Vanavond gaan we ze behandelen.
En ik dacht dat ik die één voor één handel.
Als ik ze handel, ga ik luid lezen, zodat je het kunt volgen.
Maar dit is concept, het zijn ideeën, dus markeer geen woorden.
Als je een vreemde zin vindt, laten we ons daar niet aan hangen.
Het is het gevoel van alles wat ik naartoe ga.
We beginnen met het actuele idee.
Drie van hen, en ik ga wat verpakking laten zien, hoe het er uit ziet, en dan verder documenten, waar we ook het brand zien.
En omständighet som verkligen inte är en chans, om det verkligen inte är en chans, så ska det verkligen inte vara en chans.
Ställ inte fakta i ett hållbart format som är lätt att föra med sig, så att du alltid kan förändra ditt liv på det.
Vi introducerar en strategi som ger omedelbar säkerhet genom en snabbt och korta och lättkylande partitler.
Fimpa partitlar, vilket är pågångar med lika känsla som du känner direkt.
En långsamt uppblösande skåländrade kapillärnhet förgångsföring gör den kylande festen bliktad, medan extra kylande molekyler förlänger kräksystemet som ännu mer kapillär för upplyftningar.
Det är en ny smak!
En ik vraag me af, moeten we de eerste paragraaf nemen?
Herken je jezelf hier in deze situatie of het probleem dat wordt geschetst?
Ja, natuurlijk.
In welke zin?
Nou, je komt terecht in een situatie waarin je in nauw contact komt, misschien een klantenlunch of een kopje koffie, en je hebt veel knoflook gehad.
Heb je gewerkt in een restaurant, dan moet je geen knoflook eten als je in een restaurant werkt, dat is niet zo fris.
Nog andere gedachten?
Natuurlijk, ik ben het eens.
En dan in paragraaf 2 is er een oplossing of een belofte, wat vind je daarvan?
Ik begrijp het niet, het wordt één pil, pastiel, die me de hele tijd fris houdt, hoe sterk is dat lozung?
How strong is that lozenge?
It's gonna be burning in your mouth, I suppose.
I don't get it.
I see what you mean though.
We can't be too strong either because then it will taste like Vicks.
It can't last the entire day, but half an hour until it's dissolved?
An extended freshness, maybe it's not the entire day.
What are you thinking?
Long lasting?
Half an hour or less?
20 minutes maximum?
That's long enough.
That's a long while anyway.
How tasty is it if it's too strong?
That's what I'm just asking.
It sounds a little bit too strong for you.
The strongest toothpaste is not the most tasty.
It's got the icing effect.
I'd rather have something that was tasting cinnamon that took away bad breath but had some different taste.
All right.
Does it feel like this is something which is not available on the market?
I believe I know what brand it is.
It's such a packaging which you think you click a button to extract a pastel.
I think it's called Mentos or something like that.
I recognize the shape of it anyway.
The hexagon or what not.
Anyone thinking that's something new that you haven't seen in the past?
No.
What does it remind you of?
Like washing, like the dishwasher tablets, like this one for pre-rinse in it and there's like different components.
And then there's a third paragraph or a promise or how we should ever put it then.
What are your thoughts regarding that?
Does that.
feels credible.
Ja.
Ja.
When I react to it, it feels like this sharp mental taste and icing, and ice.
There's a lot of really strong, very forceful language.
I'm thinking if it's so much fun to have it in your mouth.
It's like if you, it is a law zone, if you have a bad throat, it's not for what we're talking about.
It is to that direction, not for me personally.
To me, it sounds very appealing.
Because if I feel that I really need this cooling effect, that I take one of those pills or pastille, what would it benefit you?
Energy, I feel.
Well, yes.
Sure.
Anything that we need to add here?
Adje, I rather think the duct is sharp menthol taste.
I think it frightens people.
Menthol is tasty.
If you like mint, you like menthol.
But if you add sharp, I think you'll get people to wonder how strong is it.
You can write invigorating menthol.
It sounds a little bit strong.
We'll have another one.
Let's see what you think about that one then.
Then that is quick mint.
I was thinking of us taking...
Let's pass it on, shall we?
Here it is.
Then it's quick mint.
De snelste en snelste oplossing om je adem effectief op te frissen als je onderweg bent.
Velen voelen zich zelfkritisch over hun adem in sociale en professionele situaties, maar willen er geen groot probleem van maken om op te frissen, vooral niet in het openbaar.
Wanneer ik een slechte adem heb of een slechte smaak in mijn mond, wil ik snel en discreet een manier hebben om me fris te voelen.
Sociale context, ik voel me niet prettig bij het kauwen van kauwgom of het zuigen op een pastille gedurende enkele minuten als ik gewoon snel een frisse adem wil hebben.
Dit kleine pastille geeft onmiddellijke verfrissing van de adem in een discreet en ontworpen formaat dat je kunt gebruiken wanneer en waar dan ook zonder te kauwen, zonder verpakkingen te openen, zonder gedoe.
De compacte grootte maakt het eenvoudig mee te nemen zodat je je altijd comfortabel kunt voelen.
so that you always can feel comfortable and fresh.
We introduce a mini compressed pastille in hexagon format with a quickly dissolving structure that gives a quick freshening effect.
No lengthy sucking on a pastille is required, you can also chew or bite the pastille for immediate boost.
Apart from its superior solution qualities the sharp mental taste and a long-lasting icing feel from intestine freshness is maintained as same as it contains the freshening mint taste as quick mint.
What about the first paragraph, do you recognize this?
You do?
I know that you said you shouldn't correct the text.
I think it's a difference between correct breath and bad taste.
Because bad taste in your mouth you can have without bad breath,.
You want to get rid of it immediately?
For sure?
You're all nodding?
Everyone recognize themselves in this situation?
I would say that I'm self-critical to my breath.
It's objectively you need a freshen up, then a pastel could be suitable.
But it's not that I'm critical to it.
Then there is a solution or a promise, paragraph two.
What do you think about that?
Sounds good?
I think?
Nothing strange?
If you don't need to open the packaging?
What are you thinking?
Do you get that?
Does it sound good?
It's a du set,.
Like suket, but it's still a packaging.
Then looks like Vicks tablets in itself.
It's just pushing the button.
And then there is an explanation, then paragraph three.
And what are you thinking regarding that?
Does it feel credible or does it feel?
Is it appealing?
Yeah.
In what way?
Sounds good.
And what sounds good?
Mini format.
Mini format and discrete, maybe.
I reacted to that.
It was you can chew if you want.
You get more of a boost.
But otherwise you can suck on it, but it's small.
Do you think it's a good thing that you can chew it as well?
Well, a little bit like that.
You feel that?
Dat wel juist te get something quick freshen up and if you know you can bite in it without busting your teeth if you know there's a lecker all has got this chew lawsungs you can bite them but it can be a little bit big as well and sometimes they can feel like chewing gum so if it is like on the image it seems to be quite tiny anyway is there anything you feel which would make this quick mint a bit more convincing which could be added any idea I like the concept a lot it felt credible it feels like completely different these two what would you get from this that you didn't get from the previous the credibility I get here what was it.
And the other one that was not so credible, well, it was like very stiff or too potent for you as well, I imagine, yeah.
Thinking about now, if it's Quick Mint, wouldn't it be better to have a tablet that dissolves immediately in the mouth, like a leaf?
I know there were these around the other way, they put it on the tongue.
I can't remember, but I'm thinking of the idea of Quick Mint.
It's just something you apply on the tongue and then it dissolves, like what you get in church when you take communion.
And the third concept, clean.
Let's see what you think about that.
Clean feel is concept.
She's reading it now, clean feel.
Vi introducerar en nästa generations kontinuerat pastill med killethål.
Killethålet gränser sin förmåga att minska bakterier och slagsgenomer som stimulerar familjeproduktioner för maskinens genstanda.
Kombinationen med killethål och skiljande smaker förstärker skärtsinsväntan ytterligare, fast killem för en ökad sanning.
Dessutom har pastillerna en unik gnungin som bakhandskuddar och förbättrar maskinens effektivitet.
Ja, vad säger ni?
Känner ni igen er?
Meaningful?
Ja.
In what fashion?
Well, it's that you should get this pure feeling that you have after brushing your teeth.
Give the illusion of it anyway.
I'm wondering how much is the feeling and how much is because in here that it cleans my mouth and it freshens the tongue.
Well, it sounds a little bit too good to be true, doesn't it?
It could sound really good, but I don't know.
Not so sure.
Maybe you're thinking, then I will not brush my teeth.
I don't think that's a good idea.
It's like the mouth feels as fresh as you just brushed your teeth.
Doesn't that feel credible to you?
No, really, it doesn't.
What do others think about that?
Does that feel...
Of course it cannot replace brushing your teeth because when you brush your teeth,.
You have a proper brush that you rub between the teeth.
This is an add-on, I suppose.
But of course it could sound a little bit too good to be true.
An extended tooth brushing during the day.
I'm thinking more of targeting adults and children who just buy into advertising much more than we do.
That sounds perfect.
I won't be bothered by brushing the teeth.
Okay, but we are thinking of us sitting here.
Not as old as I am, potentially, but you have to be realistic as well, I think.
I think it sounds good, though.
Does it sound like something novel that you haven't?
How is it with tic-tac and fisherman's friend?
Is it this tooth brushing field?
No.
How does it polish your tongue?
I don't get it.
We're getting to that.
The problem is paragraph three.
What are you thinking about that?
Sounds.
Good to me, says the guy to the right.
I understand what they mean.
I think it is clear, the logic behind it.
The problem with it, I said, watching all of these now, it's like this suck tablet pills that are too sharp edged, you take too much.
If you suck too hard, then you can get like chafing wounds on your tongue and such things.
So if it has got a polishing surface, it could, if you use too much, then you can start being sore in your tongue and your insides of your cheek.
The word feeling is used very diligently.
It's the feeling we want to get, the feeling, see, fresh, feel of freshness, the clean.
Feeling and so forth.
Well it's the idea as such.
We should give a clean feel.
Well that's a clean feeling.
It's a lot of feeling.
That sounds good.
But it sounds a little bit.
It should be too abrasive to the tongue.
It sounds good but how credible is it?
Is it possible to attain this?
Of course.
Then you take this then if you compare the imagery.
No edges.
It's the same image isn't it?
Yeah you should.
The fish with friends has got sharp edges.
And I'm thinking that camouflage is only the problem if you want to get to the clean feeling.
Whilst this is like an update of the brushing of your teeth.
someone said an extended brushing of the teeth.
It was you, right?
A bit like that.
Is there anything that could make this even more credible or improve this clean feel in any way, this concept?
Is something that we need to add?
Microdosis fluoride.
Natural mint oil, maybe?
All right, let's move on.
Let me show you the packaging for this.
Let's see that I put it in the right sequence of order.
We had first long extreme fresh.
We carry on with that, and it's actually the same text that.
We have reviewed already, so it's actually the imagery that you can focus on.
It is then the packaging which is planned for this extreme fresh.
Wondering what you think of that?
I can just say no immediately.
You say no.
It's clear.
Well, I take snooze, so I think it's tough to get the snooze can in the pocket even.
This is too big.
Also feels like they want to get snooze people to go here as well, another targeted audience.
A lot of pastilles would fall out into the pocket if it's opened by mistake.
Because then it better fits in your pocket, places better in the pocket.
I also find it seems to be rigid plastic, it will take its space.
It's not possible that I'll fold it in a corner, no.
It's like a snooze can.
They are really tough.
If you take snooze, then you have another one as well that you need to fit somewhere.
Anything that makes it fit with long extreme fresh.
No.
The size of the pastel, what do you call it?
Pastel, no?
It's very big, huge.
Or blonde.
Is it okay or is it too big?
I think it's okay, says a guy with blonde hair.
Is it both thick and...
It's both thick and...
It's very big.
If you compare with an Alvedon headache pill.
it looks a little bit like medication.
It looks like the cheapest medication you can choose sometimes, places.
What's it called now?
The generics.
An allergy medication.
If you want to have it on, you can take this X, Y, Z formula for 50% off.
I get it.
All right.
Someone felt this was good packaging.
Was there anyone?
Nah.
Quite.
Yes, I do think so.
Tell me what is on your mind.
But it feels a bit more premium because it doesn't break.
Like for instance, the small extra chewing gum.
What do you call them?
These are in small packaging.
Precisely.
Det är old one.
It's like paper wrap around the chewing gum.
You mean the classic one with ten pieces of chewing gum in.
Here you got a little bit more rigid material.
It's a little bit premium.
What do others think?
Does it feel premium?
Yes, it feels like it's more expensive.
More premium, but not so purposeful.
It's big.
Reminiscent of stuse, can fall out.
A lot of the price is in the actual can instead of the pastilles.
Same time, you can use it as a refill.
If this is the original can, maybe you can buy refill bags and some environmentally friendly bag.
And you got this.
Do you have the energy to fit it with that?
You have to wash it in the dishwasher.
Why do you need to put it in the dishwasher?
Don't worry, I can say at my own laziness.
I would probably have refills at home.
The bag would be left unopened.
I wouldn't have the energy to fiddle around trying to fill it up.
Let's just reconnect to what you said here.
Or some trade-off here.
It was a bit 50-50 and sustainable price.
If it's paper or plastic, what do you think you want?
Well, if you just look environmentally, it's silly if it's plastics.
But if it's pure paper, then you can question how good the packaging is or how durable.
I don't really understand the purpose.
This has to be different types of opening possibilities.
Because when do you want to get empty half of the packaging in one?
When you feel really nasty maybe, when you haven't brushed your teeth for a week.
You want to take out the pills and use the can for something else.
That's when.
It felt like an unnecessary upgrade that you still are not going to choose.
Could it be so that it's two different versions of opening?
Could be.
But I agree.
I'm thinking, what are you paying for?
Is it the packaging?
I don't take snus, I'm not sure how these are constructed.
A long time ago they were in paper, cardboard, and then there was a band.
You want to pay for the content, not for something that you don't want to have.
You don't know what it costs yet?
No?
No, but if you build upon your logic, this is going to be considerably more expensive than the others which are available in the store.
And no one wants to pay 45 kronor.
I don't think so either.
Unless it's something that the physicians have prescribed.
Then, okay, that works.
I mean, that can work.
If you take one pill a day, you've got fresh, but you can't take more.
You can wrap it up.
Maybe it's not too connected to Long Extreme Fresh, more than the pastel is big and maybe it's a bit like a generic medication.
I think the pastel is fresh, extra long in this can.
I believe that.
So it's good storage life in it.
I think it should be conspicuous on the shelf among all the other gazillions of stuff.
How should that catch my attention.
When I shop this, I probably wouldn't see it.
There's no brand on it yet, but we're getting to that.
Let's see what you're thinking later, because it's a good point.
Let's take this quick mint and just have a look at the packaging.
For quick mint, text is just the same.
What are you thinking about this?
It looks like a building, incredibly ugly shape, something that you need when you're taking insulin.
Asthma!
Asthma gadget from 84.
I get the point, you get one at a time when you press it out, but what do you do when it breaks?
Because it feels like the one you had like a child.
There was this candy thing.
En wanneer ze breken, dan zijn ze vast in de...
Je kunt ze er niet op een andere manier uit krijgen.
Dan waren ze ook niet erg smakelijk, deze pez, waren ze?
Maar de grootte van de pil ziet er beter uit, het ziet er goed uit.
Wat zeggen de rest van jullie?
De grootte is beter, oké?
Het is makkelijk om het onder je lip te zetten zonder een grote bag snoez, ongeacht of je snoez neemt.
Het concept past, de quickmint, pastil, ja, maar de verpakking, nee.
Dit is een soort verpakking die je in de auto kunt hebben, je kunt het op het werk plaatsen, maar niet dragen met je.
Het is helemaal neutraal voor mij.
Simpel om in je hand te houden, je kunt het zo houden.
Nee, ik weet het niet, sorry.
Is het discreet, denk je?
Nee, nee.
Discreet you think?
No, no.
Do you want the packaging to be discreet?
Doesn't matter.
Maybe it was a little bit...
It should just take place, but the packaging maybe doesn't have to be as discreet.
But this feels more towards the direction you buy Vicks bag, big and lumpy, unwieldy.
But does it emit any sounds?
It must, when you're clicking it.
Do you get all the tension on that?
It's sitting discreet, clicking on the tables like kindergarten.
Good points, good points.
You're creative.
All right.
Let's take another packaging.
And then that is then clean.
Feel.
The last non-branded packaging.
As I said, same text.
It's just the can.
Same.
Is it really the one we should have?
It is really it.
It's the same as the long extreme.
But I'm thinking together with this concept.
Clean feel.
Does it make a difference?
Does it make a difference here if you connect this to clean feel compared to long extreme fresh?
Anything you want to comment?
Well, actually, if you're writing the big text dental, it then moves more into the medical sector or pharmacy and things.
It's more, this is not a regular pill you take all the time, maybe you take twice a day or something.
And then you need to have it on you, it's sufficient to have it in your drawer at work or in your jacket pocket.
This gives a little bit of fluoride pill feel, that maybe it's not something that you always have with you.
And then I would more buy into the packaging, maybe the size.
If it's something you take maybe after lunch, when you've got a quarter of an hour of break still.
Or when you are, well I don't know.
This is something that would sell at pharmacies, but not in local kiosks, 7-Eleven and kiosk.
Well I get more the feel that it is medication, oral care.
Is it more...
Is het de tablet of de packaging?
I think both.
I think the packaging.
What gives you that feeling?
Well, I have one of those sort of medical pill boxes, that size to bring with me in that size, that you open the same way.
Maybe it looks like that.
You see, the box is made not to be nimble, but that it should be placed well, standing on the nightstand.
It's stationary.
It's not something that you bring with you when you're moving.
Where do you have it?
In the drawer at work or in your jacket pocket or in the car?
Or in the glove compartment of the car?
Probably it's going to be sounding when you walk.
Now, everyone who's a travel salesman, you think it's going to be a lot of air in the box and it's going to be rustle.
Ik ben erg overtuigd dat het moet worden verkocht in apotheken.
My turn to show you Long Extreme Fresh first exactly.
Then you see the brand name, same text once again, so you don't need to mind the text.
Here is the concept Long Extreme Fresh, the long-lasting.
And here you see the brand.
Let's see if it makes a difference then.
Is there any difference now?
What are you thinking about the packaging?
It looks complete now.
Now it looks complete.
I should say something terrible.
I think it sounds like something a low-budget chain has purchased.
A big batch they purchased and flogged on the cheap and all this text.
It's difficult to take seriously.
What is it that makes it low-price chain?
It looks cheap.
I don't know if it's the name.
If you turn it around, it's in Greek, the table of contents.
Jokes aside.
Philip, do you want to repost?
I can understand your line of thought, actually, but...
Well, you get a little bit...
It could be like a label on the reverse that's imported from Poland or something like that.
This is similar things I've only seen when you're at some airport in Spain or Italy or there's some big shipment of...
when you purchase it for five cents.
Dit is het voor vijf cent en stel het voor twee euro's.
Niet om deze landen te slechtmuilen, maar nee, nee, nee, maar voor zeker.
Het is budgetproductie en je bent flexibel met de regels.
Ik denk dat het er goed uitziet.
Ik denk aan snoes.
Ik denk aan frisse lucht onmiddellijk als ik het zie.
Ik zou het zelf hebben gekocht.
Smaakwijs, ik denk.
Je had een soort snoeskan.
Het is een soort van deze kleuren.
Had je er niet een die er zo uitzag?
Ik weet niet wat mensen tegenwoordig snoesen nemen.
Witte snoes, ja, witte snoes, toch?
Jouw is wit.
Het is menthol.
Dit?
Hoe voelt het nu?
Praat over of dingen uitvallen?
Voelt het alsof dingen gaan uitvallen?
De pillen gaan uitvallen?
Het ziet er vrij stabiel uit.
Het ziet er goed uit.
Stable, looks good.
It's going to be more completed.
What is it that is falling outside disappears?
Well, they put a sticker on top that keeps it together.
Well, a feel for something, low budget price, some Greek.
But I'm also wondering, what was I thinking now?
There was something that I felt I needed to ask you, but now it fell away.
What could it have been?
Moveable, stationary?
This belongs to long, extreme, fresh concept?
That should be long lasting?
Do you feel it sounds like something that signals long, extreme, fresh, durable?
Or is something in the contrary, the colors, maybe dark blue, white.
Blue, white-blue, dark blue, light blue, white.
Yeah, but as you said, it's a little bit dishwasher detergent combo pill, but I buy it sometimes, but sometimes these generally on the market looks like a bit too sterile, so it almost looks toxic.
Minton, do you know them?
Yeah, that was the one you were looking for when you said Mentos, I suspect as much.
No one else has heard of Minton?
You haven't seen it in the shop?
If I've seen it, I didn't reflect upon it.
All right.
Let's turn to Quick.
And look at that.
Quick mint here.
It's three then, Minton again.
But it is the box you said, it clicks and looks like there's sound emitting and so forth.
Alright, better or worse now in your mind compared to the non-branded we saw earlier?
Worse, worse, worse.
Actually, yes.
Alright.
What makes it worse?
Washed out blue color.
It's the ice cream truck, Hemglas.
No, it looks like, what is it called?
Like tape measure, the automatic tape measure that you roll up.
I agree with you.
Now I think it looks like something you find in an airport.
There is no winner, right?
Is it?
I'm curious what would happen if this breaks?
Can you then open the lid and then put it back again?
I don't know, what do you think?
Probably not.
It sounds risky because if this breaks, then it's a ruddy hullabaloo to try to get it open and then pushing it back in again.
Has it happened to you?
That these type of things are broken while you sat on them, right?
The function you have experienced is this click thing.
Simply not popular, right?
I agree.
It looks like tape measure thingy.
There's too many constituent parts.
of the actual packaging.
I think it removes a little bit of a kicker.
This is an overkill.
There's too many things that can break and it's too expensive production cost.
The aesthetic compared to the other is much worse.
This is something you see, but this is just strange.
Someone has been sitting thinking about this for too long.
Okay, clean feel then.
Actually, it's the same as you saw on long extreme.
You can see, but I was just thinking of asking you, do you think it's suitable to clean feel concept?
Do you get a feeling that is it suitable in some way?
Well, yes, the medical background.
It's a crossover between people taking snooze and medication.
It feels like a mix of these two.
All right.
If we were to look at, let's see, clean feel and then long extreme fresh, it falls out low budget.
It doesn't feel like things are going to fall out here as well.
Really difficult to say, I think.
But the packaging looks a little bit better.
Yeah.
Because it seems like it has got a grayish color now, instead of this corn blue.
It's a little bit more the gray color, which, what's it called, the chewing gum you can buy in a can.
Extra.
This family pack.
Looks better than the preceding one anyway.
Quick mint was a real dud.
That's why we're testing things, ain't we?
Alright, but it looks a little bit better than triple freshness, I take it.
What's the purpose of wanting to have it in a hexagon shape?
Is it because the pistol is in hexagon shape, not the last one?
It's for the others.
That should be conspicuous, probably?
I shall then show you.
I've only got mock-ups or prototypes.
I've got two of them.
Fantasize that they are connected.
There's one that you can't open, but it shows a little bit at least what it could look like.
That's the size.
Oopsie daisies.
It heeft vier components in plaats van drie.
De big lid is onnodig.
Ik vind het tenminste.
Het is comfortabel om vast te houden, een beetje een fidget spinner.
Zie wat je bedoelt.
Je kunt nooit stoppen, toch?
Het is niet discreet, maar wat vind je van de grootte?
Het is goed.
Het is goed.
Als je hier de beelden zag, denk je dan dat het groter is?
Ja.
Ik vind het klein, het is goed.
Limbo, het ziet eruit als een blikje voor snoes.
Ik kan niet ontsnappen aan dit geluid, dit klinkende geluid.
Elke stap die je zet, toch?
Voor mij was het te groot.
Voelt het modern?
Dat is veel modern.
No.
Neutral.
Dat is de veel premium.
No, no.
Het is beter dan wat je zo op de imagery, maar het is nog niet goed genoeg voor je, want het is te gecompliceerd, te open, te dik.
Het is niet noodzakelijk.
Het is klankend.
De kost, de manufacturing kost.
Dan is het consumeren dat het gaat betalen.
Deze extra grote opening kan in een winkel misschien twee kronen verschillen.
We hebben veel gezien.
We hebben drie verschillende concepten gezien.
We hebben gezien dat het idee was dat het een beetje langer zou blijven.
Lange, extreem friss en heel friss.
And be very fresh.
And then it was this quick mint.
It's small, it's quick, it's discreet, you can get a quick fresh up, go directly like this.
And then it was clean feel.
This is more cleansing model.
Those three concepts, if we do this, let's see.
Quick mint.
And then extreme.
And then clean feel.
Got a flip chart in front of you.
I want you to write these three down in your pad.
En dan silently yourself rank wat idee je felt was goed en je put een 1 en de second best 2 en de one you liked least you put 3 on.
Silently for yourself, we're going to be summing it up in a minute.
Which one I prefer of these three?
Yes.
One for the one you find the best, two for the runner-up and then three for the worst one.
The entire concept or the pill or the whole idea that you want to have a quick or a long?
So now we should just look at the text, not at the imagery, no?
The actual idea.
Well, let's have a look.
Magnus, you have got a ranking for me.
Clean Feel one, Quick Mint two, and three is then that one.
You're also done.
What did you say?
Clean Feel one, two, Long Extreme Fresh, and three, Quick Mint, if I guess.
What did you have?
Fresh 1, Clean Feel 2 and Quick Mint 3.
Clean Feel 1, 2, Long Extreme Fresh and 3, Quick Mint.
And you?
Clean Feel 1, Long Extreme Fresh 2 and the other number 3.
And you?
Clean Feel 1, Quick Mint 2, Long Extreme 3.
And I had the other way around, or 2 to 3, but when I started reading the text, I came to think of this icing feeling.
Long Extreme, that made me...
Nope!
This Clean Feel for most of you, you're quite in agreement here.
What makes number 1, it's a little bit conspicuous, the fill a gap in the.
Rocket can live up to its name the best and the worst if we forced to choose from the three that was the best of what was on offer and supports dental health.
Reduces bacteria, plaque in your mouth and such.
What should we then say?
it ought to be this one the long extreme fresh which is number two.
What was there that you liked?
That it promised such a long-standing effect.
That it is immediate, that effect is immediate.
It's intense,.
Intense taste.
We've got immediate here, but it seems to emphasize it here, don't they?
An immediate freshness and then long extreme fresh was a lack compared to the caring.
It's quite clear cut, yeah?
Well, clean feel then.
What do we need to add in order for it to be improved even further?
As a text or just as an idea?
You don't need to take as many tablets.
I would propose that you make it in a tube and push them down on top of one.
You need a tube and a lid, and then it doesn't shake in your pocket.
Then you can keep it wherever you want, but I can also agree that this laughter sounds like the chewing gum package's toy.
Then you know how many are left.
It's a lot.
Then you know where you are.
Now she's coming, the clinking sound.
What should you then absolutely keep with clean food?
The oral health, the dental health.
You seem to be in complete agreement.
I'm going to show you a fourth concept, actually, briefly.
It is called.
Triple freshness.
Let me read that aloud to you as well.
Let's see if you take a liking to that.
Finally.
Then we've got triple freshness.
She's reading the concept triple freshness.
Now, what do you say about this concept?
Does it feel meaningful?
Does it differ anything from the others?
It promises a whole deal.
Promises cleans my mouth.
It's not just a feel now.
This is a promise that it feels like medication.
Miracle.
Now the floor lady comes in a pill form.
Laughter.
Do you think it's good or too much?
Well, I want to believe in something.
If I can believe in a pill, that'd be fantastic.
Which is, if it's not a dangerous pill, that is.
Maya, what are you thinking?
I'm getting attracted by why should you keep this form?
Is it because it's already there?
Is the shape the only thing that's conspicuous?
But I don't get all that, put all the edges in the mouth.
Triple freshness, yes, but what is conspicuous from that.
which is already available on the market today.
You've all said that the pastel looks like a dishwasher, but I think it looks like a snowflake.
And that snowflake is there to remind you of the cooling effect, that's my mind, of something that you shouldn't take, right?
Isn't that what it is?
The idea of triple freshness, is that something for you or is it just useless?
It's more informative here.
What is it that they enumerate, the three segments tell what they do, especially separate, more tangibly.
Or rather, they've got a very colourful text, but they added more product information text here.
Because it has xylitol, menthol, and cooling ingredients, it sounds very credible.
I don't think it promises too much, actually.
So, the concept, for sure.
I think the lid is very odd.
The box is not so good for you, but the concept, does it give anything in addition compared to the other concept?
More clearly, it's xylitol, menthol, and cooling ingredients, but it's more fresh.
As I said, you know, sorry, I didn't mean to break off you, but as a consumer, that you're more informed.
You see exactly what it is that you're purchasing.
Transparent bags, you see products.
It's better as sales momentum.
Does this change your ranking?
No, not for you.
You mean if this is added?
I thought I liked this.
I liked it really.
Where would you place it then?
That would probably be at the top of my ranking.
Why?
This promises everything.
It fixes my entire life, doesn't it?
Is it for someone else for Helena that the ranking has changed?
But I would choose this if this was for products.
I think this would be at the top as well.
It depends on what the pill looks like.
That I'm a little bit bothered by.
I prefer that one, I suppose.
But if we imagine the idea, the.
Concept for sure.
You too.
Yeah.
Okay.
Philip, what do you say?
It's less joyous.
Would it change anything for you?
Well, the text is not as lively.
It's more informative, but not as alive.
But I would still have clean feel at the top.
Yeah.
Because this actually has got all of these in one.
Yes, but the text sounds less alive.
But I can feel that's quite refreshing from a medical perspective.
If I take heart medication, I don't care.
Is it living text?
But it's not medication, right?
I understand.
But you know that yourself, advertising, you put on a white frock and you walk around, you make people to think it's more medical than it is.
Yeah, sure.
It doesn't feel as medical as the clean feel did in the text.
It doesn't feel as medical in the text.
Ding hier, mijn funbox, some packaging.
You can feel and touch and think.
It's Tic Tacs and Fisherman's, Smint, Mentos, Frisk.
Right.
Inaudible, everyone is rustling and laughing, clinging, moderator saying something.
Well, feel, have a look, squeeze it, give me your thoughts.
It had a smart shape still.
So I was thinking, we who have got small purses, you can still put it on the angle.
Which way are you talking of?
This R, it's oblong and thin.
Everyone's talking at the same time.
This you can keep in your handbag, two months, it's still fresh.
Fishman, you can keep in your pocket five days and then it's foul.
The advantage with these is that you're not stuck in the shape as these I who fold things down to get it down in my bag.
These concepts that we talked about, what are you thinking?
What would be best suited?
I like this Tic Tac.
Het is een perfecte maat, het is gemakkelijk om op de knop te drukken.
Het ziet er aantrekkelijk uit.
Het is gemakkelijk, je kunt het eruit duwen wanneer het slim is met al deze.
Ik vond het fijn omdat het zijn vorm behoudt, het vocht weghoudt, je kunt het weken in je taszak houden.
Vismervrienden, je kunt het een week bewaren en dan begint het op te lossen.
Je moet ze weggooien.
Denk je ook aan smint?
Het is gemakkelijk om in je tas te bewaren.
Er is less risk dat je by mistake give too many to someone.
All right, so is mostly mentos that fit the concept?
Any of these packaging that signals or visualize efficiency or functionality?
This.
Yes, it was quickly to get them out.
Here you should go down and dig.
But mint on then, that one.
That was a nimble packaging.
You push it down, don't you?
Like a cigarette lighter?
Like that.
What do you think about that?
Then all of them come out at the same time.
I'm not sure how to push it back.
Anyone that sounds.
More hygienic than anyone else.
This, you can open, Fisherman's friend, and have it in your pocket.
Then lots of dirt can come into it.
Least hygienic.
Frisk, what?
Mint on?
Isn't that hygienic?
It's quite hygienic.
As long as it's not like now, I get too many out at the same time.
Fisherman's friends are not too hygienic.
Anyone else who doesn't feel fresh?
It's blue.
You should dig in with your fingers.
Vicksblå?
The actual cardboard is big as well.
All right.
Where's the mock-ups?
Where did they go?
Those?
If we throw them into the mix, what do you then say?
What happens then?
What are your thoughts?
Sminton is smaller.
It's got the same function.
Sure, you can open, but you're gonna get more out.
What's the issue?
What is the problem with these hexagon-colored Minton prototypes?
Too tall?
Takes too much space?
I believe if you took away 25-30% on the height, if you did that, would it be able to compete with Swinton?
No.
What are you thinking?
No.
My brain is collapsing.
I'm thinking more like the moderator is late.
I think there is better round shapes, nothing that can get stuck in a pocket.
This is some of these.
They've got sharp edges that gets pulled through your leg, but I agree with the splinter of these click ones.
Is klik ones?
It feels like you can click it out in the pocket, least risk.
This mentos, isn't that also a push, isn't it?
Should you open the entire lid?
I was thinking that had some click function, because then that would have been as good as this one, because it's next to.
Isn't that mostly hygienic?
I've got some more proposals from Minton.
These are prototypes, all of it.
Not all of it, but SP12, quite flat.
Here the plan is that you should take this out.
It's cardboard.
Here as well, you can push, get it out here.
What are you thinking?
Does it make a difference in your preferences or the style?
I agree with the previous speaker to the right.
I still feel that that is good.
Best, the plastic can break here as well.
If this wouldn't have been in cardboard, it would have been, but you sit on this and then when you're driving, sitting, fidgeting, you click it out and then you can click it straight into your mouth when you're driving.
I would actually split it in two.
You can tear off one part if you don't want to bring the entire with you, if it's the same function on both sides.
Here's your plan to open here and you pull it out there.
If you cut in the middle, then you can choose to break it up on half the smaller portions.
But if we did that, would that be your favorite then?
It depends on how it tastes, of course.
But the actual packaging, if you open it, it's entirely open forever.
And then the entire pocket, and this falls out easily.
No.
It's the same type.
All you're thinking of these that came menthol is in cardboard.
And the flat, no, no.
What's the hygiene level?
It feels like easy can fall out.
You got the whole pocket full.
It's not as efficient if you're in a car.
So I'm going to hand out forms to you.
And I'm thinking that you, in silence, will take a couple of minutes to fill it out.
It's actually everything you've seen today.
Which one is your favorite packaging type?
You fill it out.
With a letter,.
You're going to understand when you see it and tell me why.
And then you fill out for the various concepts as well.
It could be the same, but it doesn't have to.
Like this.
You can write G2 next to your first name.
Kun je er meer dan één kiezen?
Ik neem er één voor elk, alsjeblieft.
Rol.
You could have the small tic-tac, the normal tic-tac.
Got these from, but this is the big jumbo.
Normally the tic-tac is much smaller, considerably smaller.
You can keep them for a while.
We're going to talk about the results.
Let's see, what packaging did you choose and why?
I.
K, you chose K.
A bit of triple freshness, D.
What was it with K which was so good?
It's a bit, we talked about before, was it the smint?
Good packaging,.
Simple hygienic.
Sorry!
Ja, it's not so easy when there's a lot of lines everywhere.
Alright, same here.
Nibble packaging, hygienic, good size.
Natalie, say E.
Feels quick to click out.
It's convenient, small.
Say Elena.
I wanted to vary a bit, so I took E and F.
E for echo, F for foxtrot.
They're similar, but they got the same.
It's hygienic and the format, the shape.
And what were you thinking, Maya?
I took E for echo for all.
Well, maybe...
What?
discarding this that I felt looked like a tape measure just because of that functionality gee there no the click the mechanical one I'm thinking that will break but still when I saw it there I thought it was the best one so I don't know what do you mean I don't really catch other that one the one you click out had that functionality on the one we looked at before I thought it looked like when you extend a tape measure but still I when I see it like this I think it is the best precisely but it's a little bit difference maybe it's square and smooth and you click something in the other one is a bit protruding maybe that's why I understand well Ludwig what would you say quick mint?
Nee, quickmint, het was M voor moeder, de reden is dat het een goedkoper product is en dan moet het formaat veel beter zijn.
Wat heb je gekozen als favoriete verpakking?
Het is B voor bravo.
Waarom?
Omdat het klinkt alsof het duurzaam is, kan slijtage weerstaan, het wijst vocht af en het is duurzaam.
En het formaat dat het zachte randen heeft, je kunt het in je zak houden zonder dat het je pijn doet.
Dan weet ik, laat me deze documenten verzamelen.
All right, let's move on with the last set.
And then I was thinking that we, you are to fill out.
No, not at all.
You're going to try a little bit.
This is then not a little bit like this is going to taste.
But if I put it, I've got two directions.
It's just what direction to move along taste-wise.
It's not finalized how it's going to be.
It doesn't have to taste, but it'd be good.
If you wanted to do that, this is, let's see, this is called smash.
Start with that, let's see what you're thinking.
Yes, it happens to give too many.
It's close.
Exactly.
Thank you.
Thank you.
You dare put this in the bags?
I think you dare do that.
It's more two different directions of taste.
What do you think of this first one?
Toothpaste, yeah, yeah.
Vadimirko, it is, it's not too,.
Is it tasty?
It's a little...
there's something sweet in the background.
Toothpaste.
It should be more towards mint, towards Tic Tac.
Kinda.
It's sweet.
Too sweet.
To say something positive, I didn't feel it had this sharp mint taste like Polo has.
It's also Smith that does them in England.
Don't recognize it, but I felt it was milder, but it's the sweetness that takes over.
I think it tastes synthetic.
No, not very good.
Anyone who liked it?
It wasn't nasty, it wasn't disgusting.
It was not what you wanted.
It's too much toothpaste.
Okay, if we make it more.
potent what happens then.
I would have probably added another flavor, mint, orange or lemon or something like that.
This is called frozen.
Let's see what you think of this.
Maybe you'll have to chew the other one and swallow it or spit it out on the plate.
This is a different taste direction.
It's more in the nose, the 20th century, like.
Sticks they had, they took away because they killed, they have it in Thailand, the Vicks.
But I don't know what happened to them.
They took them away because it killed the sensory cells, because those who overused it.
What do you think about this taste?
It was a little bit too intense.
It gave fresh, directly fresher sensation in the mouth, but it's also a sensation you want to disappear quite easily, quite quickly.
It's like chemicals.
This is what I would connect with quick mint.
This was bang on.
The other one was a bit more soft.
This is more potent, it's true.
But it's not any toothpaste.
I've tasted through this.
It's like the pesticide.
No, it wasn't tasty, no.
No, it feels more efficient, more effective.
It takes 30 seconds before the meeting I can go in and I'll smell some fresh toilet cleaner in my mouth.
Maybe not as big a pill, doesn't have to be.
This could be a small one.
There was this 20 years ago or something, mint tablet, which is really small, that came in small metal cans that burnt your whole mouth to pieces in 10 seconds.
They were efficient, but they were quite disgusting.
Does everyone want to have smaller pastilles?
It doesn't matter.
Yes, it doesn't matter.
What should we do then?
What is the taste that you're trying to get at?
This is two tracks, mild.
These two tracks are mild.
I'm thinking if I drink coffee and then I want to have fresh breath, I think there's going to be chaos in my mouth.
First the coffee and then this.
There's going to be some different chaos, some mix.
Well, it feels very fresh, but I don't like the taste.
It tastes like chemicals.
If you add some type of honey extract so that it's like you...
I ate such at school to get some more medical touch to it.
You look really dissatisfied.
It was not very tasty.
I'm not tired anymore.
I feel that.
That's good.
I'm not going to be able to sleep.
Then you have the energy.
If we then choose, one last time, you choose from these three variables that we've been nagging about.
Weet je, of het een meer discreet en snel verwekkende ervaring is of een langere bestaande ervaring is, wat zou je dan kiezen?
Wat zeg je?
Nummer twee.
Ja, dental.
En wat zeg je?
Langdurig, verfrissend gevoel?
Breng de tanden, je doet dat thuis.
Wat zeg je?
Dental, ook.
Frisser gevoel?
En Maya, wat denk je?
Nou, dental, denk ik.
En Ludwig, wat zeg je?
Nummer twee, dental.
Een beetje zoals voor.
Oké, ik ga kijken of er nog meer vragen zijn, en dan gaan we afsluiten.
Ik kom er direct terug.
I'm not going to go to any Michelin-star restaurant after this.
My taste buds are gone.
The tongue has numbed away.
I felt it all the way up here in the sinus.
It fixes the colds.
Well, yes, my nose is not constipated again.
They were ruddy big.
Kickstarted something.
If it would have been small, that would have felt reasonable.
Now it never ends, does it?
But I don't spit it out otherwise.
Then people start chewing on it.
And they felt quite hard.
I've got my teeth left.
They felt a little bit too coarse.
The other one I felt a little bit.
Grainy.
See you got a little bit of grain sandy.
I spat out the rest.
It doesn't taste like chemicals.
I was no winner.
But I must say, freshness point of view, it feels at least better even if it tastes bad.
I agree.
The first, no the second.
Is it because you don't have any other sensation now?
Probably, yeah.
And that it feels like you got a cold breath now.
90s advertising Vicks Blue.
You inhale and then...
All right.
Any of this that you've seen tonight which felt new, something that we should focus on for the Swedish market?
Or feel like, nah.
It's the shape of the pills, I haven't seen that before.
Shape of the pills, any idea?
Any feel that you like, anything new?
The clean feel feels novel.
Or the last one you showed, triple.
Yes, if all these premise are right and actually work, yes.
But then you could sell more like public health rather than you get super fresh, quick freshness in your mouth.
But then it's the text that is selling.
Health, cleanliness, fast, discreet and all that we want.
A piece of advice for the brand in this category: please fix.
Please do this.
Cleafill is good, I suppose.
A dental and oral cavity care, at the same time get fresh breath.
Make it as compact and discreet as possible.
It should be indulgence.
To me, preferably, be quite strong.
Strong taste of mint.
Well, compact and convenient.
Please fix this, what would you say?
less ingredients, less sweeteners, preservatives, and genuine taste, like true flavors.
It's important that it keeps what it promises, so it's just not a lot of fluff.
Maya?
Difficult.
Five to ten, everything has been said.
Ludwig, what do you want to say?
The packaging, more compact, but sell smaller packaging, then you can push down the price, and then you can buy more often.
Many a time you buy a huge box, you have got it at home, you're somewhere at work, you have to buy another one.
And you're sitting there with 15 of those boxes without using it, and still paid a high price.
...
but still make money of course.
Another question.
I wish that the mouth refreshing products would finally...
I can't come to think of anything.
Clean.
Hold what it promises.
I'd say that.
Not having to go to the dentist.
It's a wonderful punchline.
Clean feel.
Don't have to go to the dentist.
At reasonable cost.
I take them with me that I don't have to go to the dentist.
Good.
Thanks.
Well done.
It was most interesting to discuss with you.
It's not entirely easy.
Lots of documents and a lot to think about.
Well done.
Thanks a lot.