Hetzelfde geldt voor software.
We can get started, it is 5pm exactly.
Is anyone here for the first time?
Yes, then you'll be hearing my introduction for the first time, but everyone else is probably familiar with them already.
So first of all, it's great to have all of you here in person.
I will start my recording here.
We have people, clients representatives here following us behind their glass as well as remotely as well.
And I will also be recording this with a very traditional recorder so that we also have our discussion stored.
We have quite a lot of things to discuss here today.
So I'll try to keep us on schedule so that we can get out of here on time.
Just a few sort of systematic rounds first and then we will go on in a more free form format.
So, like I said, we have quite a lot on the agenda today, so it feels like I'm hurrying you along.
Don't feel insulted, don't feel offended.
I'm just trying to make sure that we'll get everything discussed.
Everything you say and see here today is confidential, so that even though I'm recording this as well, this is just between myself and the people in this project, so your words will not be passed to any third parties.
Do you have any questions at this point?
If you have any questions, feel free to interrupt me in mid-discussion as well, but first, let's have a quick round here.
First, I will collect your forms back.
And this is also...
No children, no animals, and I'm currently working as a coordinator on the healthcare side.
Great, welcome.
Then, Ilkka.
I'm married, we have five children, and I work as a service specialist.
Five children, what is the age range?
The oldest is 17 and the youngest is four.
Wow.
Four and 17, that's quite a good range.
It sounds like a very active household.
My name is Markus, single household in Vantaa, and working as a housing manager.
My name is Julia, I live by myself, and I work as a sales manager.
in the logistics sector.
India.
My household is myself, my husband, a nine-year-old child and our dog.
And at times I work as a store manager.
Thank you, welcome.
Karita.
I'm living with my spouse and we have a two-month-old baby, so we're currently on family leave.
Ah, that's fantastic, it is, yes.
But you had the patience to leave them back.
Yes, I was watching pictures and looking at pictures of the baby on the tram, so that's my keeping the withdrawals away.
Okay, congratulations.
Next.
My name is Mikko.
Spouse, two cats.
Working in the technical industry.
Great.
And Tommi.
Two-person household.
So being in the technical industry as well.
Hallo allemaal en ik werk als een onderzoekerspecialist hier in Esperance.
Vandaag zullen we het eerst hebben over pastilles en jullie consumeren ze allemaal, dat is tenminste de informatie die we hebben ontvangen.
Dus als je nadenkt over de manier waarop je ze gebruikt en meestal als je buiten het huis bent, wat gebruik je meestal om je adem op te frissen?
Wat zijn de soorten producten die je gebruikt?
Pastilles?
Geweldig.
Iets anders?
Kauwgom?
Het is pastilles of kauwgom voor mij.
Oké.
En wat zijn de situaties waar je ze...
Nou, ik rook ook, dus dat helpt om op te frissen.
That helps to freshen up my breath and sometimes it's to combat dry mouth as well.
Okay, understood.
I'll collect some of these responses to the dry word here.
So after smoking?
Does anyone else want to admit?
You don't need to divulge your smoking habits if you don't want to.
And you said if you have a dry mouth, you also use pastilles?
Yes.
Anyone else?
Same for me as well.
I freshen up my breath not because of smoking, but just in general.
Right.
If I want to get a fresher feeling in my mouth, then I'll use them.
Is that specifically after eating something?
Yes, but also in the evening.
And I've had my evening snack and I don't want to wait the dentist recommended time period before.
if I'm chewing on pastilles, that sort of moves my thoughts.
It's a way to calm down my thoughts, I think.
When the mouth is working, then the brain calms down.
Does anyone else feel the same way that it calms you down?
Chewing on pastilles?
Yes, I know that.
Anyone else?
Any other situations?
If I, for example, don't have popcorn or loose candy when I'm at the cinema, when I'm watching a film, then I'll have pastilles instead.
I'll have a few of them.
That's just sort of for the fun of it.
What kinds of pastilles would they be?
It depends quite a lot.
They just can be as a replacement to candies as well.
Anyone else?
For flu symptoms?
Probably the same way as well, dry mouth, hoarse throat, that kind of thing.
Are we still missing anything?
Freshening up my breath is also important for me.
If I have a customer meeting coming up or something like that, then I want to freshen up my breath first.
Okay, I see.
That's clear.
If you have a date or a customer coming up, does anyone else have that habit?
Yes.
What kind of brands do you use if you think about these sort of breath fresheners?
What brands do you use?
Läkerol, Sisu also, and the ones from the pharmacy.
Why those?
Those are just the ones I've been using.
Dus het zijn gewoon diegenen die ik heb gebruikt.
Ik gebruik ze omdat ze goede verpakkingen hebben.
Dus als we nadenken over het opfrissen van je adem, je noemde kauwgom en pastilles, wat dacht je van andere producten zoals mondwater of...
Misschien gebruik ik dat meer thuis.
Ik zou geen mondwater in de auto meenemen.
Juist, ik begrijp het.
En de sprays klinken ook een beetje walgelijk, als iets Amerikaans.
Oké, dus je geeft de voorkeur aan pastilles of kauwgom?
Ja, mondwater is iets dat ik thuis gebruik en het is een beetje te sterk, denk ik.
Het blijft in mijn mond en het is niet zo goed.
En omdat ze meestal ook alcohol bevatten, is het niet erg slim om ze te gebruiken, niet terwijl je rijdt, denk ik.
Maar er zijn altijd verschillende soorten situaties.
Wat is er dat je stopt van het gebruiken van pastels?
You have them loose all over your bag.
Oké, dus dat is een probleem dat je ook tegenkomt.
Is er nog iets anders dat je teleurstelling geeft aan pastilles?
Is er iets dat je altijd tegenkomt?
Ik heb altijd een soort van losse pastille in de onderkant van mijn tas.
Of bijvoorbeeld als ik een nieuwe smaak probeer en dan probeer ik het, maar dan is het niet goed.
Meestal is het omdat het te sterk zou zijn, dat het dat mouthwash-effect heeft.
Of het is niet sterk genoeg.
Als het niet sterk genoeg is, dan heeft het ook niet dat effect van het verfrissen van je adem.
Meestal helpen pastilles ook met de zore keel een beetje.
Maar als het niets doet voor je in termen van verfrissing of het helpen van de zore keel, dan doet het niets.
Right, so I would expect it to have at least a little bit of menthol or whatever it is that activates your mouth a little bit.
If it doesn't have any kind of active component like that, and it has no effect whatsoever, then it's not useful.
Does anyone else agree?
If it's a pastille, does it have to be strong?
That's usually what we're looking for.
And then there are also pastilles that it doesn't need to be anything other than a pleasant flavor, but then the flavor is the whole point.
But for when I'm looking for something to freshen my breath, then I have to get the feeling that it is actually making fresher.
I'm not sure how to describe that exactly.
Yeah, that's a good description.
Does anyone else feel the same way?
It has to have some kind of effect.
It shouldn't be too strong, but it shouldn't be completely flat.
Does anyone disagree?
You don't need to agree.
Okay.
Maybe about what you mentioned earlier.
I was earlier thinking about that.
When we talk about chewing gum, we usually look at xylitol chewing gum and with pastels, if they have xylitol, it's much more pleasant because with chewing gum, you tend to have the laxative effects and gassiness and so on.
And of course, you have that with the pastels as well.
If you're down the whole package at once, then you'll probably have laxative effects as well.
But the pastel, at least you can digest while the chewing gum stays in your digestive tract for a longer time.
Yes, and with the chewing gum, you need to get rid of it somewhere.
You need to spit it out or get rid of it in the trash.
Then anyone else, does anyone else associate xylitol with them?
Yes, and they're usually sugar-free when they have xylitol, which is good.
And you know if I look for a xylitol-based pastel myself, then it's usually something I want to eat after a meal that's not too much like a sore throat lozenge but just something to freshen up.
Could they be the same thing or do you want to have different products for one product after the meal and another for specifically freshening your breath?
I usually have different ones.
Well right now for example I have the Fazer Xilimax which is something that is good for having after the meal but then for those flavored ones I tend to have a bigger variety of them.
Okay, understood.
I'll just note here.
We heard a voice from somewhere.
That's okay.
We don't know where it came from.
Okay, moving on.
Let's talk about freshening the breath while you go to a customer meeting or you ate something and then you want to freshen your breath after a meal.
What is a typical situation?
Where are you?
Who are you with?
What is a situation where you want to freshen your breath for another person?
What is a typical situation for you?
I think there is no typical situation, nothing that I would immediately come to mind.
I think meeting with the customer.
And why is that?
Well, I don't want to have a bad breath when I meet with the customer if I expect them to be pretty close to me.
Yes, and it's a stranger, it would be a bad impression, and so on.
Maybe if I'm in a crowded bus or something.
Is it a situation where you want to also freshen up your breath for yourself?
Yes, especially when I want to stop the dental degradation after a meal, then I want to take care of my dental health with a xylitol pastel, for example.
What do you expect from that product?
What is the minimum effect that it should have?
It should have a flavor that convinces me that it actually does something for me, even if it doesn't always do it, but it needs to at least make me feel like it has done its task, that the flavor of the Pastille covers up something else at least.
Whether or not it actually does anything for my teeth, that's different if I've been eating garlic.
But it's also a bit of a mental effect as well.
And it's also a confidence thing that I feel a bit more confident sometimes.
If I have fresh breath, yes, it doesn't have to be whether or not your breath actually smells any better.
That's different.
You've at least tried.
Okay, so you feel better when you have the minty freshness.
Great.
And if it tastes fresh and minty, then it has to do something for it.
Everyone agrees?
Okay.
So is it possible that the...
Are there any other flavor possibilities than mint or menthol?
Yes, there's always other flavors that can still cover up bad breath.
That's definitely possible, but for me, other flavors would still feel better than nothing.
Okay, so you still expect it to freshen up or at least cover up your breath.
Yes.
Freshening is maybe too strong, but at least cover up my bad breath.
Voor mijn slechte adem.
Ja, het overdekken is vrij descriptief, denk ik.
Oké, dus het moet je slechte adem overdekken en ook je dentale bescherming tegelijkertijd met silitol of iets anders.
Bine en Karita, zijn jullie het er mee eens?
Ja.
En als je pastilles hebt, wat moet er gebeuren om je te realiseren dat er iets gebeurt?
De smaak is behoorlijk belangrijk.
Onze mouwen zijn behoorlijk sensitief en begrijpen.
Het werkt samen met je neus en je gevoel van geur, zodat je zeker kunt noteren wanneer het frisser is.
Wat vind je, Mika?
Ja, als het mint of menthol heeft, dan krijg ik dat specifieke smaak en gevoel in mijn mout.
What else do you expect from these products?
What else do you know about their effects?
I'm not sure if there is anything else other than your own feeling, because I'm not sure, people usually don't give you feedback on your breath.
They don't really come in and ask you what pastilles you've been using.
Yes, it's pretty rare to have any sort of feedback or people even asking what are you been using.
Has that been a positive experience?
Yes,.
When that has happened, it's been positive.
So if you're in a situation where you're out somewhere, you're meeting a person, whether that's a date or going to a friend or a customer, or you're out there somewhere, and you want to have a fresher feeling, does the packaging matter?
Yes, yes, it matters a lot.
Okay, why?
I think right now the only successful one is the Minton chip, the hard plastic little box that you can actually close.
Right, because you can't crush it accidentally and those don't spill all over your bag.
I could definitely disagree with that also.
But I like those hard plastic ones as well, because you don't accidentally crush them, and they definitely stay.
intact better, but sometimes they'll click open and spill anyway.
Okay, so when we think about eating pastels, is it something that you try to sort of discreetly have it, or do you just sort of boldly, openly have one?
Very openly, I would say.
I don't want to sort of...
In some situations I need to be more discreet about it, but usually I'm having pastels just completely openly.
I don't hide my pastel use either.
I'm in a workplace where sometimes it's very quiet, so then I try to be very quiet about it.
I have my pastel as well, but usually it's pretty open for myself as well, and offering to the friends and colleagues around me.
And when we used to still be at the office, then I would definitely pass them around and offer them to others.
Oké, does iedereen het eens zijn?
Langdurig?
Ja, oké.
Yes, okay.
Then a quick dissolving or slow dissolving?
Slow?
Agreed, slow.
But depends on the situation a little.
Sometimes I would like to have quick dissolving once as soon.
Well, if I just want to, for example, continue speaking, I'm at a customer meeting and I want to have a quick pastille and then I need to continue talking soon after, then it's annoying to have a slow dissolving pastille in my mouth, depending on the situation.
Or if I'm using it for my focus, as I described earlier, then a slow dissolving one would be better.
What about big or small?
That varies quite a lot as well.
The small one is something that's the size of an allergy medication.
I'm not sure if that's nice to eat.
For most of the pastilles, the small ones are not fun.
And it also depends on how strong the flavor is.
So what would be like an appropriate size?
That depends also on the type of facile.
We were talking about the long lasting effect or the flavor or a more stronger flavor with it could be better with that is faster dissolving, but it's very difficult to choose an absolute better one out of these.
Yes, it depends.
And also on the how fast it dissolves.
Okay, so both of them have their places.
I see.
What about sucking or chewing?
Again, it depends.
What kind of situations do you want to have this one to suck on?
When I want to have it rolling around my mouth for a long time and just letting it happen all the time, but then chewables are easier to break up so that it's fun to eat while chewing.
And like you said, when you're using it for a focus, then it's better to have it be the suckable type.
I would choose the sucked on pastilles, because it lasts longer.
I also prefer it to be sucked on.
I don't want to have the chewable, it leaves a sort of dust in my mouth when it disintegrates when you chew on it.
That's annoying.
Okay.
And then for everyone else, is this something that also, what about this kind of strong and intense or gentle and comfortable?
What is your preference there?
That depends on the pastel again, but maybe I would prefer the gentle and comfortable one.
I would be somewhere in the middle.
Okay, a little bit of both.
Typically, I would say that most of the time I'm looking for a strong effect that's maybe 60-40 on the ratio.
Both are pleasant, but again, it depends.
What about sweet and candy-like or natural with a clean taste?
If you think about pastels, do you prefer it to be like a candy or do you prefer it to be more natural?
Both are fine.
Maybe I would prefer it to have the natural and clean taste because it leans on the freshness of my breath more.
But then sometimes I will have the flavors, but more the clean taste.
Yes, and usually if you have the sweet pastilles, they usually don't have mint in them, because that would take it in the other direction.
Then visible or discreet and silent?
I would prefer it to be discreet.
What does visible mean?
It has to be pretty big if you want to actually have it be visible while you're chewing on it.
Yes, well if you're downing the whole box, then it's definitely more visible if the package is designed that way.
But if you're having it one pastille at a time, then it's probably not visible regardless of what it looks like.
Then we have three different lower price sections.
So lower price and more sustainability, so that's an environmental factor.
Then lower price and better dental care effects.
And then lower price and more premium feel.
Do you think about anything like this or do you just look for the cheapest one you can find or do you ever go like, well this costs a little bit more but it's a little bit more sustainable or it's a little bit better for my teeth.
I think the dental care I would happily pay a little bit more for.
Agreed, agreed, agreed.
But I don't particularly care about the sustainability in this context.
But otherwise I don't particularly think about them.
I'm just looking for, if it's more, I just usually have the specific brand I'm going for and then if it's lower price that's fine and if it's better, more sustainable that's also fine.
But for the dental care I would be willing to pay a little bit more extra.
Okay, so then what about this kind of cooling kick or a smooth and soothing feel?
Do you look for these kinds of factors?
Sometimes yes, sometimes not.
This may be a 50-60 split.
Anyone else?
Somewhere in the middle also.
I would like it to be a little bit soothing but also to have some kind of cooling feel.
Maybe more often I'm looking for a cooling kick than a soothing or smooth feeling, but maybe probably somewhere in between usually.
I think the cooling kick is something that would be particularly good when I'm down with the flu, for example.
I'm looking for something to ease up my nose and mouth a little bit and open up the airways, but depends on the situation again.
What about sugar or sugar-free?
Sugar-free, everyone?
Yes, sugar-free.
And if it's xylitol...
Understood?
Dan is er iets hier dat het belangrijkste voor je is, dat je eigenlijk zoekt als je pastels koopt.
Wat gebruik je eigenlijk in je koopbeslissingen?
Ik zoek meestal veel van die tegelijkertijd.
Oké, begrepen.
Laten we verder gaan met de echte concepten.
Dit zijn gewoon basale werk-in-progress ideeën.
Dus weer, werk-in-progress.
We zoeken geen oefeningen over hoe de tekst eruitziet of dat ze niet af zijn.
Maar ik wil je meer focussen op het idee dat het probeert te vervoeren, niet welke woorden het gebeurt.
which words it happens to use.
These are not final versions by any means.
You don't need to write down anything at this point.
I will give these out to you and we can read through this together and then I'll ask you for comments.
So we'll start with the quick mint.
I'll give these out to you and go through them one by just take one for each.
So this is called quick mint.
The fastest and easiest solution for freshening your breath when you're on the go.
The interpreter notes that I will not be reading the full text for these unless you wish to.
If you wish...
There you go.
Wat denk je daarvan?
What do you think about it?
Is the size described suitable?
Yes, I think that kind of size is pretty convenient.
I don't think this would be suitable for me.
Why not?
I usually know how to plan in advance, so I don't really have a situation where I need to very quickly, immediately get a fresher breath, because I also like to enjoy sucking on the pastille for a little bit, so I wouldn't buy this.
Okay, understood.
I think I would also...
Then I want to have something quick and discreet that dissolves quickly, that's very helpful.
And then if it actually covers up the smoking smell and it also keeps me fresh, then that's great.
I have the personal issue with pastilles that taste good and usually I can't just have one of them.
Then I tend to have a couple of them and then very quickly I tend to have the whole box.
And this is probably meant to be for situations where I face a situation where I would like to have a pastille or a fresher breath, then the next one I would have on the next day when I have the situation again.
For me that would not happen.
I would just, because I prefer buying pastilles that taste good.
Okay, so this wouldn't suit that situation.
Is het mogelijk dat het goed zou werken in de handtas als ik naar een sociale situatie ga en ik net uit eten ben geweest, maar ik voel niet de behoefte om het klein te hebben en ik voel niet de behoefte om mijn eten op facils te eten discreet te hebben, dus ik ben een beetje kritisch over de grootte.
Ja, ik denk dat het ook een beetje te klein is, zou mijn concern zijn.
Maar misschien kan ik er gewoon meer van eten als ik moet, zoals een hele handvol.
Wat denk je?
Want het zegt ook dat je heel snel het effect kunt krijgen en je kunt heel snel effectieve frisheid hebben.
Klinkt dat geloofwaardig?
Ik ben er een beetje sceptisch over, dat het niet te geloofwaardig klinkt.
Het klinkt niet te geloofwaardig.
Als het snel oplost, dan voel ik dat als het langer duurt, het meer effect heeft.
Dan krijg ik hiervan meer het gevoel dat het snel komt en snel gaat.
Ja, en ik denk dat de betrouwbaarheid hier in twijfel wordt getrokken.
Als het snel oplost en het is erg klein en het moet ook lang meegaan, hoe kan zo'n klein pastille lang meegaan als het snel opgaat?
Juist, mee eens.
Ik ben er een beetje wantrouwig tegenover.
Is er iets dat ze zouden kunnen doen om dit betrouwbaarder te maken?
Of geloofwaardiger?
Het zou op een of andere manier moeten benadrukken dat het zo dicht is, het is zo verdicht dat je het kunt kauwen en het nog steeds lang meegaat.
Het is zo goed verpakt in de pastille.
Natuurlijk is het dun en klein dat het snel oplost.
Het is een goed punt van iedereen, maar ik was erg...
Very quick fresher feeling in my mouth.
That's where the quick dissolving is good if it actually works and works as it says.
Okay, so this again before the date.
Yes, that would be just a quick fix before I start something so you're not having a big blue pastille in your mouth when you're meeting someone.
Yes, that would be, of course, if I plan ahead, then I can take my time chewing on a longer pastille, but they don't last that long anyway, but if I'm just showing up, then I would like to have this.
Yes, and usually we do have these situations where you suddenly meet a friend and then you're still chewing a gum and then also you don't want, with a pastille, you don't need to leave it somewhere like with the chewing gum.
Move on to kissing immediately, then that would be very helpful.
Yes, and that's a very important theme as well.
Many of us have to have several data cells in our lives.
But let's move on to the next point.
Next one is called Clean Feel.
The tagline is a fresh and clean feeling in your mouth wherever you are.
Het voelt alsof dat heel sterk en effectief zou zijn.
sort of a very forward and it also mentions that it's also a gentle and massaging feeling that I wonder how much you need to sort of work to help you gently clean your mouth.
Yes maybe that's a little bit too much of a description I would personally I take care of my health care dental health care myself with the proper tools pastilles are not really intended for that purpose I don't think.
Yes we usually don't have pastilles specifically to clean our mouths.
Did anyone else find it interesting that it was it's also kind of like a toothbrush it's I don't think it's credible it's interesting but it's not credible the same for me I don't believe it.
Karita, now you said you use these kinds of facilities quite a lot.
Yes, it seems good, but I also don't believe, I don't think it sounds credible.
That sort of rough texture would have too much of an effect.
I don't think the texture matters too much once it's been on your tongue for a couple moments.
I immediately start thinking about the dishwashing tablets.
Is it like that?
Right, you think of the ones where they're in the dishwasher and they dissolve with a rough texture.
I would assume that the rough texture immediately goes away once you start sucking on the pastel, or if it's actually structural and not just on the surface, then that could be the case, yeah.
What about Mika?
It sounds interesting, but it promises quite a lot.
...
believe that is, gives any sort of comparable effect compared to brushing your teeth.
When a xylitol chewing gum probably does more than this kind of pastille.
Okay, so you would trust the chewing gum more?
Yes, because I'm sort of chewing on it and that's your saliva is also helping to sort of spread the effect.
And pastilles dissolve in your mouth fairly quickly.
I don't believe that it's too long lasting.
Does everyone think that it's in principle good, but it's not really, it's maybe a little bit over exaggerating?
Or does anyone disagree?
Well, xylitol is already put everywhere, so this doesn't stand out because of that.
Okay, understood.
So did anyone find this credible?
Everything except the end of it, yeah.
The gentle massaging feel?
Yes, that was a bit funny.
There are definitely pastilles that have the sort of textured surface, so I don't see why this would be unusual.
And I don't know if...
Yes, I was just looking for your reactions to the idea.
So then, what if this was actually possible?
What if it's true on everything it promises?
Well, if I have a really chaotic morning that I forget to brush my teeth, then if I could have a pastille that then actually saves my dental health, then that would be good, of course.
But then the risk that becomes a habit, then I'm just having pastilles instead of brushing my teeth.
Of course, if it's a situation where
if I'm really in a hurry, I need to catch my bus in two minutes
and I need to have something quickly, then that would be, yeah,
just as an emergency measure.
Yes, as an emergency.
I usually don't expect to be there, but maybe that would be one.
What about anyone else?
Well, after a meal also.
Yes, same for me.
Or if I'm driving for a long time, I'm driving to Lapland, for example,
then this might be a good thing also.
If I'm otherwise having a long break between brushing my teeth
or eating something on the road, then this could work for that.
Okay, understood.
So would this be your sort of number one pestle or something more specialized?
Both, both.
Okay, understood.
Oké, begrepen.
Dan geef ik je de volgende, zorg ervoor dat je de juiste hebt.
De volgende is de lange, extreme frisheid die je meteen kunt voelen en voor een lange tijd.
Yes, the mint and menthol were getting pretty strongly associated with the text sort of reversed that as well.
I feel like if I hadn't gotten a lot of sleep, I feel like I could take this and it would sort of jolt me awake as well.
Okay, so it freshens your breath, but then it also kicks you awake with the explosions of flavor.
With this, I think it.
It says it's a quick solution, but then it says that it's also a very long-lasting effect.
Does it last for the whole day, actually?
Yes, that doesn't sound believable.
If it's for one hour, that's already very long.
Yes, and I'm wondering how the juicy freshness flavor explosions actually work.
Yes, I've definitely had pastilles that do behave in that way.
So the idea is not new.
Anyone else?
Do you find this credible?
Or do you recognize this kind of situation?
Where you have an unpleasant taste in your mouth and then you want to have a quick effect but also a long-lasting effect.
Well, it would be nice that I can have it quickly and then not deal with it for a long time and then have the long-lasting effect in my mouth without having the pastille in there.
But the whole day doesn't sound credible.
Who felt that it could be for the whole day if you have a pastille?
You got that feeling?
No one else?
Yes, the extreme freshness makes me feel like it's being sold to the younger generation.
Did this attract any of you?
I feel like I could buy this, but I'm certainly not making my purchase decision based on the marketing text in the end.
Yes, and don't think of this as a marketing text, but this is the idea that you have a pastille that is a quick effect, but then also a long-lasting effect.
Well, it probably doesn't last long.
But if it does, then of course that's very good.
Yes, and don't worry about the word choices, but looking at the idea.
Markus, what do you think about it?
It's not something that I would want to have every day, but it's something I could have occasionally.
I would like to have this as part of my selection of a few different boxes.
Okay, so you have one for the dates, and what is the situation you would have this for?
If I, for example, know that I won't be eating or drinking something in a while, then I can have the freshness from this last for a long time.
Could this be a suitable product for you?
Yes I think so, I don't find it too credible based on the text, but if it works this way then I would be interested.
And why is it not credible?
Do you feel like no pastel can be long-lasting?
Yes, I don't have, like deodorants advertise that as well, that it lasts for three days at a time, but it doesn't.
And it's very rare that this kind of lip gloss or deodorant or anything product like that actually works like that.
Yes, and I've been having pastels for several decades, and I think I've gone through all the products on the market and none of them have been in the way that I have it in the morning that I'm still in the evening feeling like I'm so fresh.
Yes, that's probably not the right time range they're going for.
What about Mika?
Well, if it's actually long-lasting, I would like to know how long the effect is.
I want to have it last until I'm having a meal.
Of course, if it's just for an evening date, I'm just going for the date and then the next thing I'm doing is I'm brushing my teeth in the evening, but for me, an hour would be nice to have for the long-lasting effect.
I'm sure no one is expecting it to be three days.
Okay, so one hour would be good.
So that would be your expectation of the long-lasting effect.
Yes, okay.
Great.
Then we can move on.
We'll have next these sort of packaging mock-ups.
You can keep these in front of you so that you can remember these three concepts.
Then we have a few packaging concepts for QuickMint.
QuickMint we looked at first, right?
So I will give you a slide.
That was the quick and easy and discreet solution.
So it would have a package like this when you're on the go.
So the text is the same way and then they're stored in this small hexagonal disc made from vegetable-based, plant-based plastic.
And the small package also fits easily into a pocket or bag.
And it has this doser that allows you to easily have one pastille at a time wherever you go.
Okay, so it is very small.
And this is a 3D printed version of it.
It's about this size.
And as you can see, it also has this red tab that you can click for individual pastels.
Het lijkt een beetje op een soort doserende snoepautomaat.
Dus nu je dit pakketconcept hebt, wat vind je van de tekst?
Het was dit soort in sociale situaties, je kunt snel en gemakkelijk een vrij klein formaat hebben en dit met dit soort dispenserpakket.
Ik kijk naar het pakket en ik gebruik soms deze soort dispenserpakketten, maar ik krijg de...
Het lijkt een beetje op een werk in uitvoering.
Ik weet dat het gewoon een mock-up ontwerp is, het zou waarschijnlijk een merk hebben enzovoort.
Ja, we kijken meer naar dit soort concepten, maar denk je over het idee?
Ja, ik denk dat het idee goed is.
Ik vind de klikbare dispenser leuk, maar ik vraag me af hoe lang het zou meegaan.
Het voelt alsof ze heel gemakkelijk te breken zijn.
Yes, these are just pictures, of course.
But yes, regardless, I don't like the size, it's too small.
And what are your...
anything positive about this?
Well, in general, I like that the package seems like something that it won't spill in your handbag immediately.
But of course, it also has to work well, that you can actually easily dispense one of the pastilles while you're driving a car, for example.
And also that you don't need to have two hands shaking it open over myself.
I can just click it once and have one pastille.
And then would the pastille then have to be round?
How do you feel about the shape that it would work well with this kind of clickable dispenser?
It doesn't matter.
The shape doesn't matter so long as it works.
Can I click it directly into my mouth?
That I don't need to click it into my hand first?
Yes, probably.
I could just do it with one hand into my mouth.
I'm not sure if it might spill somewhere, but the idea is good.
Yes, I would focus on the packaging and then maybe also have these sorts of refillable bags.
If I spent more of these, then I would have a lot of these little dispenser boxes in my trash.
Yes, if you're looking for the environmental friendliness, then that would be a good idea to have the box and have it be refillable.
OK, so if you have the idea, what if it doesn't have refillable bags?
If it's just the plastic like this?
That's fine too.
It wouldn't really change my purchase decision, I don't think.
Anyone else?
What do you think about this kind of plastic?
Plant-based plastic?
How does that sound?
Well, I wouldn't want to pay extra for having specifically the clickable dispenser that's more sustainable.
I would want to more focus on the contents, the pastel itself.
So the package, environmental friendliness of the package is not the deciding factor for me.
Okay, let's assume that it's the same price as all the competitors, but then it has this nice clickable dispenser.
I think that then I would be willing to buy it, but it would also depend on what I already have in my bag.
But if I have to have no pastels and I'm buying for one, then that would be a great choice.
Yes, and for me also, the box doesn't matter at all.
I just care about the content.
Well, unfortunately, we'll be talking about the boxes for the rest of the day.
Yes, that's fine, but I just wanted to express that.
That is fine.
I will now pass you the next ones for the clean feel concept.
This is the one with the dental healthcare effects.
This is again a hexagonal disc.
And with this one you can try a little bit earlier.
I didn't mention separately because it had the clicking dispenser.
For this one, this is a prototype again and it's a little bit loose, but I will pass it out to you and you can get a little bit of a feel for what it would be like.
So these are examples, but it's roughly that size.
Very good.
I wonder why it has to be too...
I like that it easily reclosable.
But I think with this kind of tab, you can quickly flip it open with your thumb and get one out.
Yes, I think if I'm sharing it with friends, I would probably still open just a small tab and then pour it onto people's hands that way.
It has the top of the lid that you can pour a few of them out into and then offer people passers from that.
That's a little bit better.
But I do like the feel of this plastic package.
I would prefer it with just one tab.
Just a small one or a big one?
Just the one small tab.
Okay, understood.
And then if you want to share it, you can just pour it onto your friend's hand.
Okay, understood.
And this was the clean feel with the dental healthcare xylitol effects.
And the bigger tab, you can clearly see that it's too big.
Do you have any ways that you could improve on this?
If you had the small tab open like this, what kind of pestle would you like to have inside it?
Something that's easy to pour out.
And this is a different type that is in, but if it's that size of a tab, then it can't be too small.
I would want to mainly be able to pour one out at a time.
So is, would this, the one we have inside it, is it appropriate?
Yes, it's a sort of a, it might be of a wrong size, because when you pack it full, then it, of course, it needs to be a little bit smaller so that it can actually squeeze out.
Okay, and now that you think about the...
Does this package affect how interesting you.
Find the clean field concept.
Yes?
Yes, okay, I see nodding.
Why?
Well, I still want to know how well it works, the packaging.
Anyone else?
Does anyone else find the packaging important or equally important to Aspinia?
I think the packaging is important when if it's this size and it's full, depending on how full it is when you buy it, the size of the packaging and the size of the pastel, which should change.
But if you have a huge package and it's filled just with air and a few pastels, then I feel scammed when I buy it.
Yes, and that doesn't matter whether it's a cardboard or plastic or whether it's a box or a disc.
I just wanted to have the lid stay closed so that they don't spill into my bag.
That is very important.
And who thinks the clean feel concept, out of these three concepts we looked at, who felt that the clean feel, fresh and clean feeling in your mouth wherever you go, who felt that this was interesting out of these three?
I would say it's the most interesting out of these three.
I also like when it mentions the cleanness, the dental health, and if it also comes in this kind of package, does that make it fresher?
No, not really.
But I think it would be functional.
I think you could skip the bigger tab and just have the smaller tab.
Okay, so you feel like it would fit the clean field content well?
Yes, I think I would prefer the first.
concept with the dispenser.
Who prefers the tabs over the dispensers?
It depends a little bit on how the dispenser works.
I would want to try it first.
I think I would prefer to have something closer to the Menton vertical tab structure.
But I think I would overall prefer this kind of dispenser over to the medication box.
Then we have the long lasting effect and here we have the same picture.
And we have the long extreme fresh next with the same picture.
And it's the same opening mechanism.
So this long extreme fresh with the long lasting freshness.
Hoe leeg deze dozen zijn, hoe meer geluid ze maken wanneer je ze gebruikt.
Dus dit zou misschien meer discreet zijn.
more discreet.
But do you feel like the long-lasting effect could be good in this box?
Why not?
I think the idea of long-lasting effect supports this, because this box is clearly made for just taking the one and then the effect lasts you for a long time until you want to have the next one.
Okay, I see.
So it feels like it's good that it would be this kind of a...
Yes, I feel like the package itself genuinely supports the concept of the contents.
Where if it's just the sort of classic box, then you'll usually just have it very easy to access.
So I would want to be picking one out every now and then, but the long-lasting one should be in the box where it's a little bit less convenient, and I would want to have one only occasionally.
Yes, I would maybe just want color coding on the package to know what I have inside them.
If I have multiple products with the same package, of course, I would like to have it branded.
Yes, I think they would be color coded and branded separately.
That it also indicates something in addition to just having the shape.
Okay, and this kind of package, does it communicate something in terms of a modern design or...
No, not really.
I've seen packages like this before.
Yes, and maybe it might have a little bit more graphical design as well.
Yes, I don't mean the color, but just the shape.
I think...
I don't think it's very modern.
I think more about the 80s when I see it.
It's maybe more old-fashioned than retro.
Yes, like I said, I've seen it.
Who feels this would be new and different?
It's not new and wonderful, but it's a little bit different.
And I'm so used to just the basic boxes for so many years that...
I was also surprised by the new Minfund package.
That was also very interesting.
I think this definitely is looking for a specific kind of brand image with the shape and the plastic.
But I think it does look a little bit retro in the positive and negative senses.
And usually when we talk about things like snooze desks, which are in a similar package, those are more round.
I don't use them myself, but there you can usually very clearly see who is using snooze when they have it in their pocket.
And so I wouldn't want that to be mistaken for a snooze package.
Yes, it's a little bit angular, but it's about the same height.
Great.
Then next we will move on with the equipment, the quick effect.
When you're on the go.
And you said you quite often have them while on the go, when you're having pastilles in the car or.
Just one-handed, enjoying them.
Here's your concepts.
So for the quick mint, for the quickest and easiest solution for freshening your breath on the go.
And now you can take a look at this.
And this would be with the clickable dispenser that you just click and you can easily get one pastel.
And a breath of fresh air.
How do you feel about this?
How does the branding help the concept?
Does that change your image of the product?
I think the blue color definitely conveys the freshening effect.
I think the color scheme works well for it.
Oké.
En de quick mint zegt ook dat het een heel snel effect heeft, zodat je er heel snel van kunt genieten voor een date of wanneer een klant binnenkomt door de deur.
Dus je wilt er niet de rest van de nacht aan zuigen.
Wat vind je van dit soort verpakking met de klikbare dispenser versus het mintenmerk?
Werkt dat goed?
Ja, het werkt goed.
Ja, ik denk dat het geloofwaardiger is.
Nu het in dit vertrouwde mintenmerk is, is het geloofwaardiger dan voorheen?
De minten verandert niets voor mij.
Iemand anders?
Voegt het iets toe als de minten daar is?
Niet minten specifiek, maar het feit dat er een of andere vorm van branding en etiket op zit, maakt het geloofwaardiger.
Yes, the color scheme, when we're used to certain kinds of associations with colors.
And if this was a bright red, then we would have a very different reaction to it.
Okay.
Pinja, how do you feel about it when it has the branding?
It looks more credible, but I'm still a little bit concerned about when it has the clickable dispenser, how long the mechanism will actually last, or whether it will just break in my handbag and spill everywhere.
Or is it a situation where, does it make a clicking noise when you click it?
Does it just come to the point where people, when they're clicking pens, does it just make an annoying sound like that, that people would get annoyed with me in the office?
Yes, and I want the dispenser to also be reliable, that it's not very picky, that when I click it, it doesn't require the pestle to be in exactly the right position and rotation for it to work.
I would want it to always work with one click.
I would want to have some sort of 3D printed version that we could try that mechanism with.
I can maybe show you soon these sort of different foreign versions that are similar, but as an idea, does the packaging work for the concept, for the fresh in seconds?
I think Media's point is good that it shouldn't spill accidentally.
It shouldn't be too easy to open and then have it all over the bottom of your bag or break.
And did I understand correctly that who preferred the clickable dispenser more than the tab version?
Ik hield van de klikbare dispenser, maar niet met dit type doos.
Ik zou graag de verticale doos willen hebben.
En ik zou het eerst willen proberen voordat ik een oordeel kan geven.
Ik denk dat als het heel goed werkt, waarom niet?
Is dit een soort schommelende dispenser, dat wanneer je erop drukt, het als een wipwap aan de andere kant opent?
Ja, dat een deel ervan binnen de doos gaat en dan opent het luik, het wordt een vijfhoek terwijl het erin zit.
Ja, dat is waar.
Dus het gaat binnenin de doos wanneer het gesloten is en komt eruit wanneer je het gebruikt.
Okay, so moving to the next one, and this is the clean feel.
So a fresh and clean feeling in your mouth wherever, and this would have this feeling.
Well, that definitely looks a lot colder when it has this blue pastel, so it reminds me of all the advertisements.
Is that a positive thing?
This is sort of a diamond-like gray-blue color.
How do you feel about the Xylitol pastel being in this kind of, the clean feel being in this kind of box?
I think Xylitol is just as an added element there.
I think the mint and menthol is the freshening effect, having this minty...
Minty overall flavor.
And xylitol then helps out with dental care.
Yes, but mostly I'm mostly just looking for the mint in the flavors.
Yes, but it's a mint on the box.
Mint and xylitol sugar-free.
I think the package is fine, but again, I think the tab for sharing with your friends is unnecessary.
Yes, I don't need to have multiple at a time.
Then what do you think about this kind of freshening pastel, those of you who use this kind of product?
Is this suitable for the concept?
Yes, I think so.
Yes.
But like I said, the smaller tab is enough.
You don't need the second tab.
And I would like it to come out easily when I turn it upside down, it'll give me one, maybe even with just one hand.
And because these probably aren't intended to be enjoyed multiple at a time.
What do you feel about if Menton came out with this kind of fresh mint and the clean feel that cleans out your mouth, it also would be sold in this kind of box?
Does it feel like a good concept?
It's fine.
It's pretty similar to other things on the market, so it's good.
And of course the contents is the most important part.
I would probably enjoy it in a different box as well.
Yes, but we're looking for if it was sold in this kind of box, would that stop you from buying it?
No.
No, no, I could never say never.
The box is pretty credible, yep.
Okay, great.
And does it work for Mentum?
Yes, it's suitable for Mentum.
And then we also have the Long Extreme Fresh.
So earlier you said the Long Extreme Fresh, it could be suitable for this kind of box where you don't want to have the whole box at once, see if it lasts long.
How do you feel about this with these photos?
Does that change your impression of the product?
So this is the same package as the previous still?
Yes.
Yes, same, especially for this long extreme fresh, this box is very suitable.
Because it has the long lasting effect.
Anyone else?
Do you agree?
Yes, I think it's a little bit of a different color.
Yes, there's small differences between the different packages, but they're otherwise pretty similar between the different concepts.
Okay, so now you have these three concepts.
You have the clean feel, long extreme fresh, and then the quick mid, the quick and dirty.
I'll put these up on the flipboard, and now I want you to put these in some kind of order.
First, we'll look at the quick.
First, was this the best one for any of you?
The quickment?
I think we're a little bit skeptical about it.
We're a little bit skeptical about how well it works.
Because we haven't been able to try the box and it comes out of the box a little, so I'm not sure how well it works, and how sturdy it is, if it breaks easily.
So what about as a concept?
If you think about the promises of the text,.
that it's promising to be a quick effect, pastel with a quick effect that really quickly gives you the effect.
Well, maybe this would be easier to get one into my mouth rather than the other boxes where I would might need two hands for it.
With this, I would like to have if I use the dispenser, I would expect to just get the one and then I can get it into my mouth with just one hand very quickly.
That's an advantage.
But that does require very good design on the box.
Out of these three concepts that you've seen, you saw both the contents and the box.
Does anyone feel the quick mint was the best one out of them?
No?
The contents and the box.
So if you go to the grocery store and quick mint is this kind of quick pastel, it's on this clickable dispenser, you can quickly get one into your mouth.
Or was it the clean fresh?
With the cleaning, Xylitol pastels.
Where if we pretend that it has just the one tab and then the long extreme which would keep you fresh for longer but also have the very quick effect.
I think the middle one would be the best.
Okay.
So you think clean fresh gets one vote?
I think I would agree with that.


For clean, I think so.
These ones are also fun as ideas, but I think in practice, I feel like the plastic one is the safest or most reliable.
I think it's pretty reliable looking that.
I think the plastic one would stay, it would break less easily than the others, but not the free sample one I would not choose.
Do you find this more hygienic?
This is the most hygienic, the little cardboard one.
Because?
Because you only need to push on it and then you can pour some out.
Dat hol is pretty big in dat one, so maybe you can have too many when you pour it out, but that's a common problem.
Oké, dus laten we denken over deze formulieren.
Dus je kunt deze individueel doorgaan en ze uitvullen.
Dus hier hebben we al de concepten die je hebt gezien.
Dus als je denkt over al deze frisse pastellen, welke is jouw favoriete pakkettype uit de twee die je hier hebt gezien?
Markeer de letter en geef me wat korte justificaties en commentaar op het.
Als ze onduidelijk zijn, kun je me ook vragen om ze te clariferen als de logo's niet zichtbaar zijn.
when the logos are not visible.
Is it clear?
And the G for Gabriel, and H, G would be the dispenser type that you've tried.
The G is a dispenser type that we didn't have, and H is the one with the tabs.
So let's assume that we've changed that to your suggestion with the small tab on it.
So mark down your favorite and give me a short few word description of why that's your favorite.
And then also as your last exercise, we had these four concepts of quick mint, clean feel, long extreme freshness, and triple freshness.
Which packages would work best with those concepts?
And we are getting on to the final stretch.
I will now pass around a set of pastilles to suck on while you're working on this final assignment.
Pass those around.
Now, is this hygienic?
That's the question.
I should have brought you a small spoon for this.
But it's too late.
My apologies.
No worries, no worries.
Okay, so you've finished the forms.
Thank you, thank you.
Kun je ook een package voor elk van de concepten bedenken?
Oh, voor alle, niet alleen favorieten.
Oké.
Welke vond je de beste package?
E?
Ik heb ook E gekozen.
E voor Echo.
Dus jij hebt E gekozen?
Iemand anders?
H?
H, H?
En H was...
Dat is de hex.
Hoeveel van jullie hebben de nieuwe hex gekozen?
Vier van jullie?
Oké.
Dus zelfs als je de andere ook leuk vond, wat was er zo goed aan H?
Ik denk dat het makkelijker is om te recyclen.
Oké, dus het is alleen plastic.
Ik denk dat je het niet gemakkelijk openmaakt.
En ik denk dat je genoeg pastels in dit pastelt als in de andere grote.
other big ones?
Okay.
Anyone else?
Any other favorites?
So you liked the cardboard one?
I can easily imagine how it would work.
And now what do you think about the pastilles that you enjoyed?
It's a little bit of a cardboard flavor.
Okay.
Understood.
It doesn't really make an impression.
What about this one?
You can try it.
Did anyone like the previous one?
I think it's a little bit strong.
I'm not sure if I had the same one.
That was the blue package.
And is this the red one?
Yes, this is the red package now.
What do you think about this?
This one is better?
Okay.
This is fresher.
I can feel it in my nose a little.
It's not too strong, but it has an effect.
It's pleasant.
Who preferred this one?
This definitely has more flavor.
And if I had a sore throat, I think this would open up my airways a little.
And especially if I'm having a cough, then this would reduce the hoarseness.
Yes, it has a stronger side flavor as well.
Het is een beetje een zeepflavor, denk ik.
Ik vergeet wat de mechanisme is, maar er is iets dat je zoet maakt.
Ik weet niet zeker of dat een ding is.
Ik heb niet veel zeep gepraat, dus ik zou het niet weten.
Welke van jullie prefereerde de tweede?
Handen omhoog.
Ik weet het niet zeker.
Waarom prefereerde je deze?
Ik denk dat het veel frisser is.
Misschien is de tweede beter.
Ik denk dat beide het gevoel hadden dat ik koud voelde, de koudheid in de neus.
Maar de eerste was milder en de tweede had ook meer smaak.
Het heeft meer variatie.
It has more variance.
Okay, otherwise, if you think about the appearance, the shape, was it good?
Yes, I think so.
So if it came along with this, I think it was served in the hex jar, and it was shaped like this, would it be good?
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
I think if you put it into this box, if you put the very smallest shapes, then it would be too small.
I would want it to be a little bit bigger.
And if you have the bigger ones like this, then I would be concerned that you can only fit maybe five into that box.
And the first one was very boring, and the second one is very fresh, even though it has a bit of that side flavor to it.
But I think the freshness is very good.
Yes, maybe it has eucalyptus.
It has some sort of green flavor.
or plant-based flavor in it.
It's not just the usual.
Okay, so you like this fine?
Okay, yes.
Great.
And now we are actually already – our two hours are up.
So as a closing comment, for those people who are thinking about the past sales and the development, what to put in them, what to do with them, what would you want?
You have three comments here.
What do you want to say to the developers?
What do you want to see in the grocery stores?
I want the packages to be easy, that I can easily dispense them out of them, and to be hygienic so that I don't need to touch the past sales.
That's also good.
And that it's also sturdy so that they don't accidentally open or they don't break.
I think I would invest first in the past sales and second in the packages.
And what would be the perfect past sale for you?
it has the freshness that it is, unless it's for the other purposes.
But for freshening the breath, then this red one was effective.
And it also opens up my nose as well.
And if it works long, then it would be similar to the long stream.
Any other comments to our clients, representatives?
You have a direct line of communication to the developers.
I think it's good if you can use the box with one hand and if you can dispense it directly into your mouth so that you don't need to help it with your other hand and you don't need to reach into the box.
I think we have had pastels like this for a long time.
Would it be possible to have the same properties but maybe find some new flavors?
Like if they had a bit of a hint of chili or something like that, some sort of jalapeno on it, but some sort of new flavor because we have all seen these flavors.
Everyone's seen all these flavors already.
If they can find six new flavors of long drinks every year, why not for these pastilles?
And would it still have the freshening effect?
Yes, but it would have just a little bit of a touch of chili.
We have a lot of flavors in the world, so you can choose anything.
And you could add maybe raspberry,.
You can try any kind of flavor.
I have many different types of boxes that have just the same flavors, then I get bored of them.
And the freshness is always the same.
I would like to have different flavors that I can rotate through if it still has the freshness, but it has new flavors.
Okay, understood.
But not coriander.
Anything else?
Nope.
I will also check the back room to see if we have anything to add.
Okay, so the Frisk...
Zou de Frisk, this one, one of you opened this and checked how it dispenses.
It's about this size, if you can see it.
What do you think about the size?
It's a little too small, too small, too small.
I have tried this actually and it's surprisingly dense.
It lasts surprisingly long.
And this would be probably something that would be suitable for the quick mint.
What if the quick mint was this small?
I think it was pretty small in the picture, yeah.
I think the quick mint does have to be small because if it's big then it feels like it will last longer.
It has to be very short effective, but do you feel like this would be very effective at this size?
Yes, I think so.
Okay, so.
It's not less credible at this size, because if they've really packed it in and it's not promising long effects on it, if it just needs to do a quick fix, then that's fine.
And no one picked the quick mint as a favorite, but if this was the quick mint, then it would work for you?
Yes, it would be fine.
Thank you.
Then sorry, we're already over time, but thank you very much for your participation.
Do you want their leftover pastilles?
Do you want to know which ones these are?
These are actually some foreign products, but now I lost the paper that said what it was.
But hey, I will...
Maar hey, ik geef je je cadeaubonnen en dan bedank ik je hartelijk voor het deelnemen in de groep.
Maar geef deze rond en iedereen zou er een van deze stapels moeten hebben.
Zorg ervoor dat je een 50 en een 10 hebt.
En je bent nu vrijgelaten.
En bedankt dat je de energie hebt om door te zetten.