Ja.
Hallo, hoe gaat het?
Kun je me horen?
Is het hoorbaar?
Het geluid is...
Ik hoor wat gemompel op de achtergrond, maar hopelijk kun je me luid en duidelijk horen, is het wel?
Als er iets is.
Klinkt dat goed?
Is het scherp genoeg?
Ik ga gewoon de volumeknop hier even aanpassen.
Zorg ervoor dat het een zware draad is, deze.
Nou, hopelijk kan iedereen me horen.
Anders steek je je hand op.
Digitaal, of hoe het ook gedaan wordt.
En ik weet zeker dat iemand het zal zien.
En laat het me weten.
Oké, perfect.
Dank je.
Welcome to this focus group.
Have a seat, there's coffee in the more rounded pots and tea water in the other ones and there's also sandwiches and candy.
If you run out of steam you can also prevent it running out of steam by having some candy.
Now let's do some formalities, we've also been recording.
My name is Carina, I'm going to be running this focus group.
We're going to be talking for two hours and when it's important to have fresh breath.
That will be fun.
We're going to see lots of concept and tests and things.
I've got quite a busy schedule so if you feel that I'm hurried it is because I have a lot to cover, a lot of questions.
No rights, no wrongs.
You are my correct answers, whatever you say.
Circumstances, whatever you say.
We want your spontaneous, honest opinion.
So if you have different opinions, that's entirely all right.
We Swedes otherwise tend to be consensus-driven as peoples.
Now, I've got a client behind here sitting listening, an interpreter as well.
They are really interested.
But let's not care about them, of course.
I'm also going to be recording a lot of this and there's cameras and stuff as backups.
It's for own use.
We need to make an analysis.
But you are being treated in a confidential manner.
We've got different groups to get back to try to see what we like in Sweden.
Now, that's briefly a round of introductions, your first names, what you do, daily life.
Why don't you start?
Jenn is my name.
I work as a project manager within transportation, everyday life.
Exciting, welcome.
Hello, hi, my name is Irene, I work with as a coffee waitress and a site manager.
Irene, Eilene.
I misspelled.
Welcome to you too.
Hi, my name is Rebecca, I work as vice president assistant.
I work in admin.
Welcome, you too.
My name is Isaac and I work as an architect.
Fun too, there's a lot of fun jobs here.
Welcome.
Hello, Patrick, I work as a massage therapist.
That's also required.
You bet, I'm gonna go to Wednesday, maybe not to your parlor but you never know.
Welcome.
My name is Filip, I work as a district manager.
District manager, all right.
Welcome to you too.
Now, we know a little bit about what we do.
My name is Carina.
I work as a project manager within marketing services, as a moderator primarily.
We're going to be talking a bit about then, when it's important to have a fresh breath.
And I was thinking that we should start off by talking a bit about what do you usually use when you are out of your home and feel that you need to freshen up your breath?
What is it then?
It can be various things.
You mean if we go to a shop or, well, if you're out about and downtown or at work, you need to freshen up a bit.
I'm not talking about toothpaste and brushing your teeth.
What is it that you use for your mouth or in your mouth?
I would have used chewing gum spontaneously.
And if I feel like, wow, it feels like I have a bad breath, then I might buy something that is specific.
I think it's called SB12 chewing gum, but if it's just like on the run, I just want to feel a little bit fresh, then we might take something tasty gum or some fresh chewing gum.
What kind of flavor could be?
Watermelon could be.
Some raspberry.
I like Stimorol with fusion.
They've got some moist in it to really let it scent spread.
What do others use?
I usually use, well, either mostly chewing gum, but also Lekkerol, any particular type.
99% of the time it is mint.
Mentos.
Anything which really feels refreshing is mint.
Lekeroll, I like the mix with licorice and raspberry or whatnot.
Yes, that one.
But if I'm going to take for my breath, then there's some mints.
Is there mint Lekeroll or what do you usually do?
No, then I take chewing gum.
What do you do?
Also chewing gum mostly, I'd say.
I also believe I avoid these sweeter flavors when it's going to be to freshen up.
You want something with potency that takes over.
When I speak to a client, what kind of flavor?
Menthol, like ice.
They are a bit like ice, which are a bit like, I don't know, like icing, frosty in the mouth.
Why not the more sweeter flavors?
Because it seems more similar to brushing your teeth, the sensation when you do mouthwash and rinse that's fresh for real.
Fisherman's friend.
What do you think about them?
They are omnipresent, so you can just go for them easily.
Any particular flavor?
They are potent.
They are very potent.
A long time ago since I had them, but they are indeed potent.
But you haven't said.
Well, if I really need to fix my breath, I would take chewing gum.
But otherwise, I'm also like a Fisherman's friend addict.
I almost always carry it in my purse.
I've got it in my pocket now, actually.
Is it the.
Original or some other flavor is the green white.
It's like menthols or mint flavor.
Is it spearmint?
Mint.
Alright, a lot of chewing gums and mints and leckerol and sp12.
This is a little bit different.
Now when and where do you usually use this then?
Any particular occasion that you feel like now I need to freshen up a bit?
I think it's often after work when you feel, when you've been drinking coffee all day that you have a little bit of a faint taste of coffee in your mouth that you want to get rid of.
Postprandium, after the meal, I take chewing gum often, both to rinse and get my fresh breath.
After I've eaten.
What other occasions can it be?
At the gym, yeah.
Is it when you're working out?
During the gym stint, when you exhale, you don't want to have a bad breath if people are standing next to you, so you breathe and you exert yourself.
When you're going to kiss someone, haha, then before giving someone a kiss, you just take a chewing gum just before.
Chewing gum, yes, okay.
Why not a Lekkerål?
Well, Lekkerål, that will do the trick too.
Any difference when you take a Lekkerål or a chewing gum?
Is there a difference in the sensation?
Well, it depends on what flavor you want.
There's so many different, both with Lekkerål and chewing gum.
But both are good.
I can.
Imagine I've got a retainer that is braces at the back that I've had for many years, and I can feel that after food, a lot gets stuck in that, so not so fresh.
The chewing gum could be a function to remove food scraps that are stuck in it, whilst like it all, in my case then, it's going to be a little bit more, it just freshens it up.
But the chewing gum is like almost brushing your teeth within quotes, it removes scraps.
I think it's more long-lasting as well.
You feel fresh a little bit longer, because it feels like if you have lozung or, but a chewing gum, you can last for half an hour.
And then there's the floor chewing gum as well, you can get a little bit of a tooth brushing effect as well.
I usually toss a pack to the kids sometime.
Haven't you brushed your teeth?
If you're really hungry,.
Then take this.
We talk about brands, we talk about Lekkerol and some other things, Fishman's Friend, what else in terms of Vicks?
V-I-C-K-S.
Are you thinking just lozenges or pills?
Chewing gum?
Pastilles?
It could be sprays?
V6?
V6?
Dents?
Inaudible.
Anyone takes any mint pastilles?
Tic Tac sometimes.
Because the children also have it at home.
What is it making you take a chewing gum to a greater extent than a mint pastille?
If you go to a meeting you ought to take mint pastille because it's not visible.
So maybe it's better than.
chewing gum in front of your clients.
I can imagine in a connection where you're going to talk at a meeting with people.
I work a lot in admin, there's a lot of meetings in my job, then it's a little bit rude to chew gum.
If you take a pastille, it's gonna be gone between like eight, five minutes, then what kind of pastille?
Usually take leckerol, it's the purple one, salmiak is it?
I can be quite nostalgic with my taste, it's like I connected to my childhood or to an incident and that taste is so much my youth and childhood.
In occasion, you're sitting in a meeting, you don't want to chew gum, any other occasions where you not use these mint or pastilles or leckerols or tic-tac or whatnot.
It could to do with laxative because you can eat a lot of them and then it is like an addiction, someone mentioned, you get a little bit addicted from taking a pastille and leckerol, it's got laxative.
Most of them have that effect of being a laxative.
I take it after you brush your teeth at home, then you shouldn't take nothing.
Right, because you've already then done what you need to do.
But is there anything that usually makes you disappointed when you use this type of freshening up product?
Is there anything that you feel like, wow, I miss this, this would be good to have?
More of it.
Often, like at all I can find, it's a bit tiny.
They had big for a while.
I'm not sure if they're still around, but I think that was nice.
Bigger pastilles.
But after work, coffee, everyone was in unison about that.
I was thinking, let's look at that situation and penetrate that in a little bit more depth.
Now, well, you keep working and you drink your coffee at work, don't you?
The day goes by, you need to feel freshening up.
What exactly happens here?
What is it that occurs?
When you're chewing gum, for instance, you remove things between the teeth if something gets stuck and the tongue gets a little bit washed at the same time.
But a lot of coffee anyway.
But what do you want the product to do then that you take?
What should happen?
Remove the taste of coffee so you feel fresh.
Anything else?
I'm also thinking like with chewing gum, you have the idea that it cleans up for real.
Maybe for the mint pestle, if you're going to a meeting, you take a mint pestle, you feel like you hide it a bit.
With chewing gum, you have some sort of feeling.
I'm cleaning up a bit as well.
If you're on your way back home from work, what are your thoughts?
It's better with a pastille or chewing gum, or does it make a difference?
Why even chew gum a pastille if you can't be at work?
Well, you can brush your teeth when you're at home, but if you're en route, if you're out and about on your way, if you're on the bus or walking underground, you're going to go past the food store.
It's very practical with a pastille.
It disappears if you're out of town.
Chewing gum, you need to find somewhere to throw it away.
If you're going on a date, you don't want to come there with the chewing gum in your mouth, no?
Exactly.
Rather a pastille.
I was thinking I'm too tired to chew gum after work.
I would have probably taken a pastille and then like, hmm, zoned out.
We don't have energy instead of chewing.
Now I don't drink coffee.
To me, that's not anything that I want to take anyway and it tastes of coffee or anything of that such.
But several of you mentioned it, but it could of course be different.
Fluor?
Fluoride?
Or anything like that?
It's good if it's a benefit at the same time, do some good in several areas rather than just...
Do you usually take any product that has that?
It's this, what they call, V8?
V6?
V6.
From the pharmacy, they are available a bit here and there.
They're packaging them.
When you're on your way after work, it doesn't feel fresh, you need to freshen up.
What role does the packaging have?
Do you mind a lot of that?
Well, one of these cans I've got at home and bags, you can easily carry them in your pocket or in your bag.
Do you agree?
Ja, ja.
Well, fishman friends bags, they've...
They fall out of the packaging all the time in the pocket.
For me at least, I stopped using them.
I use square boxes instead.
You should do Tic Tac as well.
Because of that the pastels fall out of its packaging.
Yeah, it usually does.
All right.
Well, what else was I thinking?
Yeah, we talked about that.
Well, when you feel a bit unfresh after work, you want to freshen up.
You take a product which has that purpose.
What is the feeling you want to attain?
What's the thing?
It would be to wash away the day somewhat.
You feel you have been talking a lot.
You want to get this stale sense that you have in your mouth that you've been dry or whatnot.
Just wash away the day.
Why?
Because you want to feel a little bit more alert after work that you just want to come quick enough a bit or just land and put the work behind you and then look forward if you want to get a little bit more alert or if you want to wind down.
That route.
Why do you want to get more alert?
Maybe you're going to the gym to get some energy.
To me it is I can be at work and then I can feel a little bit slow.
I can do like an auto-chewing gum sort of to get a little bit of a kick.
And how do you feel when you get this little kick?
It feels fresh sort of like a bit like you said.
Clean out the old, okay now new efforts.
Do you others agree?
Yeah.
I take something, I want to get more energy or a bit of a kick.
What difference does it make?
How am I prior and post?
What happens?
Maybe you have more self-confidence.
If you have a good scent, then you can speak and walk around like people.
Otherwise, you're just going to zip it and be quiet.
And fishman's friends, they're so strong.
So you get, I think they last quite for some time, the mint effect.
But you want to feel, you want to get the self-confidence and feel like you are back on track.
Yeah.
Let's see what time it is now.
If you take something that is freshening up, how does that feel?
Nice, yes, let's go.
Maybe you don't always want to munch a lot of candy.
If you can take this pastille, as a comparison to chewing gum, then you may not want to sit with a bag of candy.
It's a little bit less socially acceptable to sit and eat a lot of candy.
A Leckerol is maybe in the zone in between, but you feel like that took...
It's a little bit like a precursor to the weekend.
If you sit and take a little bit of candy, what other people think compared to sitting taking a pastille of some sort?
Well, it's like you, I'm thinking, like if someone sitting, they want to freshen up a little bit, like yeah.
It's a big difference if you sit with a bag of sugar candy or if you have Fishman Friends, that's a big difference.
What's the difference then?
I don't know,.
Maybe it's a bit more adult that this is something that you take for medical application almost, rather than as candy.
You feel a bit more orderly.
Or if you're not disciplined enough and unhealthy, I haven't eaten candy for 10 years because I don't want my tent to turn yellow or brown.
If you're, I'm thinking also, it's like a safety rocket.
Maybe you are peckish with some candy, you have that, and then it's tasty immediately and it calms down if you take a pistil because those that I eat, they are sugar-free, and then you don't, craving goes away.
So you save yourself that way from eating healthier than eating candy.
So a little bit like that is the feeling.
Het stopt de craving voor suiker behoorlijk goed.
Ik probeer ook om geen snoep te eten, dan neem ik dit in plaats daarvan.
Ik ben ook een beetje zoals ik stopte met snus en roken en dat ik in plaats daarvan naar Läkerol wisselde.
Ook de salmiak smaak, salvia, omdat het een beetje een kick is als je aan het werk bent en je moet je een beetje extra concentreren, of het is een kick om te focussen.
Ik neem ook snus, alles is cool, controle.
Ik neem ook snus, dus als ik de snus was vergeten, doe ik Läkerol onder de lip zodat het zou voelen alsof ik daar iets had.
Als je heel ongezond eet, of Läkerol eet en dan extra kauwgom, zal het het glazuur versterken.
Maar zou je zeggen dat wij Zweden een Läkerol land zijn of zijn we een mintpastille land?
Läkerol, zou ik zeggen, Läkerol.
Why are we not mint?
The Finnish, they are mint pastilles.
Why are we not?
I want to remember there was a lot of advertising for Läckorol when I was a child.
The man with the cap and stuff.
And as I mentioned previously, I'm quite nostalgic at least.
So it's like when toy was relaunched, it was the thing for some.
Oh, toy chewing gums are back.
I was like, I know what it is.
But I think you might have some connections from your childhood.
We simply grew up with Läckorol from Gävle, the city.
Can you eat this or should we wait?
Of course.
Dig in and help yourself to coffee.
Maybe I said that in the beginning.
Okay, just keep chewing.
I was thinking you want to have everything.
But now we have to choose.
And there's some contradictions here.
I have written down and I wanted just to hear with you quickly what you prefer.
The first is when you take a type of mint or something, if you want a quick onset or long-lasting effect.
I'd say long-lasting effect.
I think if you take it, you should have.
I'll take the quick onset.
How many take quick?
It's so difficult.
You know, 50-50.
Wait, if it's possible to have long-lasting, be good then.
Both.
But still, you have it and it's two days, then that'd be great.
Do you want to have a big size of the thing you put in your mouth or small?
I'm from Sweden, so just about right.
Tic Tac are a little bit too tiny, but if you have to choose, big or small,.
Take a big.
Then it will last longer.
How many take a big one?
That's a clear majority.
To suck it or bite it?
Suck.
Bite.
Potent, intense or mild and weak?
Potent.
Sweet, sugary or natural, clean flavor?
Both, both.
Do I need to choose?
Natural, sweet.
Why do you want to suck it?
Because they will last longer.
A big and last longer.
And potent, why should it be potent?
Refresh in your mouth.
I've got a little bit more visible or.
Discreet, discreet, discreet.
Why?
You don't want it to be visible.
Who would want that?
Better to have it I mentioned with meetings and dates and whatnot.
You want to get back on track.
You don't want to be having a hamster on your cheek.
I just wanted to hear you say that.
Lower price or more durable?
What do you mean durable?
Sustainability environment, not durable, sustainability.
Lower price.
Sustainability, but if I'm honest, you don't look at pastels.
Lower price, lower price.
Maybe on pastels, that's not where you save the world.
Lower price or dental advantages?
Lower price, dental, dental care capabilities.
And then.
Sugar or sugar-free, sugar-free, sugar-free.
Why don't you want sugar?
You get holes in your teeth, doesn't it make you alert?
The actual flavor also revives you.
Isn't it placebo effect?
You think that you take something that will pick you up and then it does even without sugar.
Let's move on.
Right.
I have now for you a number of concepts that I will run through with you tonight.
Spend majority of the time doing that.
The three concepts, let's take one at a time.
They've got a little bit different focus.
These are concepts, ideas, and a lot of text.
It's not you don't need to mark words.
I'm not interested.
It's the.
idee as a whole.
I'll hand them out one at a time and then I'll read and you follow and then I have a few questions to see what you think of them.
We start with one called Quick Mint.
Would you pass them on, please?
If you do as well?
Well, Quick Mint...
it says follows...
The quickest and most simple solution to effectively freshen up your breath when you're on the go.
Many feel often self-critical towards their breath in social or professional situations, but don't want to make a big thing out of it freshening up, especially not in public.
When I feel foul breath or have got a bad taste in my mouth, I want to have a quick and discreet way of feeling fresh.
In social contexts I feel not comfortable by chewing gum or sucking a pastille for several minutes when I just want to have fresh breath quickly.
This little pastille gives immediate freshen up of the breath in a discreet and stylish format that you can use wherever, whenever, without chewing, without having to open packaging, without troubles.
The compact size makes it simple to carry around so that.
You can always feel comfortable and fresh.
We introduce a mini compressed persil in hexagon form with a quick dissolving persil with a long-lasting effect.
No long sucking on a persil required.
You can also chew or bite the persil for an immediate boost.
Apart from its superior dissolving capabilities, it creates a long-lasting taste and a long-lasting cooling effect and intense freshness experience.
At the same time, it maintains a freshening minty flavor that is quick mint.
Well, do you recognize yourself in the first paragraph here, the situation?
You do, don't you?
That was a bit what we talked about.
Did you feel it was relevant?
Nothing strange about that.
Then there's also a solution.
It's like with this foil thing.
We'll see.
I was just thinking what your spontaneous thoughts would be.
I think it would be like wrapped up in some plastic that then would dissolve in your mouth, like which is edible.
Do you think it sounds practical or just odd?
It sounds like SB-12.
It's like a blister pack.
Does it seem different from what you're using today?
If it's no packaging, I don't think packaging.
is any big problem.
If you've got a box of Lekkerol in your pocket, you can fit it around with that.
Also the feel of shame to chew gum and pastilles.
Chewing gum can be a bit rude, but pastille doesn't feel like it.
Then there's a promise.
Third and last paragraph.
Do you find it credible?
Yeah.
Maybe a bit exaggerated when you talk about pastille, that it is superior dissolution qualities.
Yeah, but it's the idea.
This is some sort of pre-stage of advertising, but the idea in itself.
Well, otherwise why wouldn't it be credible?
Is there anything that could make it more convincing?
It feels a bit that it should appear so quickly and then last for such a long time.
It feels a little bit like they were always so easily just going to eat all of them quickly.
They will easily go.
Talked about earlier big, it should last longer.
Alright.
Maybe it's not going to be so tasty just in the first instance if that's such a strong taste that it stays.
I understand.
Let's take one more, and that is called as much as clean feel.
Alright.
Clean feel, a breath freshening pastille that gets your mouth to feel fresh and clean.
People want to have more than just mint fresh breath, they want to feel fresh, self-confident and taken care of.
My mouth tastes poorly and I'm worrying that it will smell bad, especially others, I feel that plaque and bacteria scattered on my teeth and tongue.
My mouth starts feeling dirty, I want to enjoy a fresh feeling and clean it up.
This pastille immediately freshens up your breath, cleans the mouth and supports your dental health so that the food feels as clean as if you would have just brushed your teeth.
The practical and sustainable packaging makes it simple to bring it with you so you can indulge in the pure clean feeling wherever you are.
We introduce next generation's compressed pastilles with xylitol.
Xylitol is known for its ability to reducing bacteria plaque in the mouth.
...
difficult to achieve, because you understand that it can't, right?
Then everyone would have just used this if it delivered as promised.
You could just skip brushing your teeth then.
Then you've got a business idea then, create something...
But if it did work, would it be interesting?
That would be fantastic.
Something which is close to this today?
I think if you put in a tablet, you don't need to brush your teeth before you go to bed, that would be nice.
Okay, it's double-edged.
I'm honestly a bit skeptical, but it could be really interesting if it is such.
Precisely.
Right, in paragraph three, the explanation there, how does that feel?
The promise?
The last paragraph?
Credible?
The rubbing surface, that feels a bit like if you're going to sit there and feels like you still need to move it around the mouth.
It has replaced the tongue scrape.
You need to sit and do some strange motions in that case if it should be used that way.
All right, but could it be interesting with such a function of a pestle so that it's got a rub surface that polishes a bit?
I don't think it holds all the way from the promise.
Maybe I should buy it.
Maybe it gets halfway at least.
That's better than many other things on the market.
Could be something for you with your braces.
Maybe since it's rubbing the tongue, maybe it doesn't really work for the retainer, but a bit like you talked about.
It's going to be like you're thinking that it should do something extra, and then you might.
I've chosen to buy it because I can rub it a bit and get a bit better on the tongue.
I'm thinking then you want, or I would want, to spit it out that it detaches from the tongue.
I didn't want to swallow that.
That's spontaneous.
How are these precisely?
All right, exactly.
Is there anything that could make this concept clean feel more convincing, if anything?
Well, if it ever contained something else that would make it clean up for real, because xylitol is quite common in all chewing gum.
Fluor dan, maybe.
All right.
Let's have a third concept, and that is called as much as...
Let's see.
Third is called long extreme fresh.
It's going to be long-lasting then.
I'll read that.
Long extra or.
Extreme fresh.
And one of breath freshening pastilles with long lasting freshness that you really feel.
People feel often self-critical when it comes to their breath in social or professional context and they want to have a quick long lasting solution or to freshen up and feel safe.
When I feel the bad breath or I've got a bad taste in my mouth I want to have a quick solution that also gives a long lasting freshness that I can feel comfortable the entire day.
This pastille gives an immediate boost of fresh breath with an icing feeling that you really feel.
At the same time it gives a freshening effect that lasts.
It is wrapped in a compact and sustainable format which is easy to carry around so that you always can feel fresh.
And safe.
We introduce a pastel that gives immediate freshness through a sharp menthol taste of active icing particles.
These particles burst on the tongue with an icing feeling that you feel immediately.
This slow, two-layered pastel in hexagon format that's a long-lasting dissolution and the extra cooling effect enforces the freshness and the pastel has got a fresh mint taste.
Do you recognize this in the first paragraph?
What way?
If you've got a bad breath, then you want to fix it.
Does it feel relevant to all of you or nothing strange in that?
And then we've got paragraph two there.
And it is, the solution or the promise, how does that feel?
Immediate boost etc.
It feels good with the icing feeling and it's like that you don't just have a taste or a scent but there's also a sensation of freshness.
It sounded like air conditioning.
Does it sound good like a pastille?
Definitely, yeah, efficient, effective.
What are you thinking?
Well, what I get when you mention this with the cooling effect that I'm thinking of, Sux has got, it's a pastille, a lozung, that has some anesthetic effect.
It would be good if a pastille could do something that improves the feeling when you've got bad breath.
If icing feeling in the mouth is, I don't know, but one thing that I'm questioning is the thing about the tonsils.
With tonsil stones, it's not just that that creates a bad breath, but it's a big cause of it.
But my question in all these three is like, is such a pastille going to overcome such a stone?
Good question.
They need to be removed, actually, because that smell should go away.
But do you think like that when you take a liquor as well?
If I feel like this, if I feel like I've got this bad breath and I can feel that it must be such a stone that's hiding somewhere in my mouth, then I need to get it out.
Rather than covering up with a pastille, then it's more like just for the moment.
I just want to cover something up quickly, but this with the entire safety, entire day, then I would have.
Dug into it a little bit.
But is it, what do you say, does this feel different compared to what you're using today in some way?
Well, I like the potent ones.
At the same time, if it's really icing, often I want to drink water also to freshen up.
So it's quite tough to drink cold water after having taken too much of icing from a lozeng.
I don't really like that it is super cooling and I find it.
I'd rather want it to be a little bit candy-ish because the Fisherman's Friends is not so candy-ish but this feels so medical, medicinal.
There's also a third paragraph here, they're talking about what makes this, what are you thinking about that?
Does it feel credible or does it feel odd or unnecessary or really swell?
Very or really swell, expensive to manufacture.
I've been working with pill manufacturing.
Two-layered pill are expensive.
Is it interesting or how are you thinking?
Well, it feels a little bit like a new formula, two-layer effect and some smoke and mirrors.
You could just throw it in there.
If you mix the two together, why do you need to have two layers?
It feels effective and strong, but anything that needs to be improved here that you feel to make the concept more credible?
Difficult question.
Incredible, but I mean, this two-layer, I'm a bit skeptical.
Okay, two layers is a bit...
I'm thinking S.
B12 is also two-layer, isn't it?
If I'm not entirely mistaken, one is blue and white, so it's two layers.
No idea.
I believe it is.
And to me, I buy in on that.
So I don't think this in any way is anything less credible than the others.
I don't think so.
Nadine, what do you think about two layers?
Well, I don't know, to be honest.
Yeah, okay.
We've seen these three now, and I'm going to show you a three-stage rocket.
First, we've seen the concepts.
Now I'm going to show you a bit of the packaging, what it looks like.
We start with the one we started with, quick mint.
Het is exact dezelfde tekst, het is alleen dat ik ook een afbeelding heb toegevoegd.
Je hoeft je geen zorgen te maken over de tekst, om zo te zeggen.
Mijn vraag is,
wat denk je van deze verpakking die je op de afbeelding ziet?
Slim, maar je ziet niet hoeveel er nog in zit.
Te groot.
Zou het zo groot moeten zijn?
Je stopt het in je zak, het is als een blikje snus.
Nee, het lijkt wat kleiner, het is zoiets.
In de hand, zoiets.
Het is vrij klein.
Het zou een beetje kleiner kunnen zijn, soort van.
Ik denk ook, waarom deze pijl naar voren?
If you got it in a pocket, it's going to be a little bit sharp that it can go into, well, if you push with your leg and have it in a pocket, it could hurt maybe.
For me, it looks like the red arrow to the red is the one that you push and then the pill will pop out.
And maybe if it's in a pocket, you might then maybe happen to push that and then you put push out a pill in your pocket.
It's a bit too complicated unnecessarily.
It's over designed.
It works well with a regular box of candy.
It doesn't feel more nimble than a regular box.
With the regular box of pills you open and take out.
Soft in the pocket and then small as a can of Vaseline or something like that.
I can grasp the concept because Posit, for instance, I have experienced like it all can be opened up and toppled.
Fisherman's Friends can't be resealed and all these old Vaseline cans.
But to open this and everyone goes outside.
Get the concept that you extract one at a time.
But maybe it's good you can open see how many you have left.
At least make it transparent so you can see a little bit.
You can't see what it is.
It almost looks a little bit dodgy, a little bit medical.
If you're in a meeting, push out one of these.
People are like, are you all right?
The small you had pairs, you can push them out.
That was cool.
Do you want pairs?
Laughter, good to have in your pocket.
But the actual, then the, it's oblong, the packaging, maybe that would have been more a pen, like, a pen was good.
Then you can fit in a few.
That would be really good.
A little bit bulky, big, not a great hit.
Too complicated for such a small thing.
What do you think about the size of the pastel on quick mint?
It's even worse, it's really huge packaging and the pastels are really tiny.
Are they too tiny?
No, I don't think so.
Only if it's, if the effect is good, then it can be small, it's all right.
Let's take another one then.
Dan is dit een andere suggestie voor clean feel.
En zoals ik zei, het is dezelfde tekst.
Je hoeft je daar geen zorgen over te maken, het is nu alleen de verpakking.
Clean feel, dit is hoe het eruit ziet als voorstel.
Wat denk je van deze verpakking?
Het voelt erg aan als een blikje snus.
Maar het is best een goede verpakking.
Wat denk je dat er goed aan is?
Het is erg praktisch.
Je hoeft niet, het is geen grote opening.
Het is gemakkelijk om er snel een uit te pakken en te nemen in plaats van iets anders te moeten fidgeten.
Take something out.
I still would have wanted to see that it's a little bit more transparent.
My first thought was that it can be open way too much.
I like it that it can be open just a little bit just in order not to risk losing more pills out of the container.
But I'm thinking why not making it entirely round then?
It also feels a bit too designed.
I'm a little bit boring.
I like bags and square boxes.
But couldn't this be good to put in your pocket?
Are there no advantages?
You want to see, you want to have a round one.
Question, if you take snus, then there's not space for both.
You have to choose then.
Take the snus and have it in two different pockets.
You've got the mobile phone in the other pocket.
What do you think about.
The size of the packaging, it feels bigger, but I believe it is exactly the same.
It's just this button on the others, which is the difference.
But for some reason, it feels slightly bigger.
It could also be because the pill is bigger in itself, that it needs more space for the contents.
And it's more difficult to get because women's wear almost doesn't have any pockets.
A small bag you can fit in a pocket, but one of these you can't.
You can't really see how thick it is either, so...
And you're talking about extreme jeans for ladies' jeans.
I mean, it's not comfortable to have something that's stiff.
The size of the pastel, it looks just about right.
A little bit too big, a bit too thick.
If you don't use chewing gum, then you want to have something which is not visible.
You don't want it to be visible.
I take another one quickly before this is clean for you.
This is long extreme fresh now.
What are you thinking here?
It's basically the same packaging idea, but I wanted to hear if the packaging in any way is.
better suited with this concept, or if you stick by your views.
This is the same image.
Yes, it's the same.
It's a long stream fresh concept.
I'm thinking is there anything which makes this packaging better suited to this long-lived extreme concept instead of the clean feel?
If it promises to be a longer lasting effect, that's why I'm thinking that it doesn't matter if it's a little bit bigger than pastel itself, because it is going to dissolve, it will disappear.
And if it is furthermore long-lasting, that is incredibly good, isn't it?
What do the others say?
You can fidget with it a bit, but you need to open the lid.
It looks difficult because it's so stiff and rigid.
I was thinking that we should say what the brand name is.
We start with Quick Mint.
The idea is that the packaging looks like this.
A lot of paperwork now.
All right, when you see this, what are you thinking?
Fun.
Novel.
Fresh.
I'm thinking of her.
How to get this into your pant.
It's really thick.
Very thick.
Do you know of Menton?
No, no one?
No, alright.
I think it looks better now than when we saw the first time around.
Looks fresher now.
And this light blue touch, it looks a bit more appealing.
You get peckish of taking one of these with the light blue.
What is it that makes you feel that?
Well, if I may compare with Vicks Blue, you get this cooling sensation, freshness feeling when you look at the can.
At least I get that association.
Fun, you said.
What are you thinking, for instance, with the packaging?
I'm thinking the manufacturing cost is very high on these.
But is the packaging appealing, you think?
I think it's too big.
It's too big for my clothes.
It looks like medication.
Menthol's got a different packaging that you are pressing.
I think they are better if they were in smaller size.
You know Menthol.
Oh, yes, yes.
I haven't purchased it, but I know of it.
Well, these squared ones that you just push, I think they are better.
What should we do with this packaging then in order to improve it?
On the one hand, now it feels like it's quite thick, high.
Diminish it.
And a bit like we talked about, it must fit into a pocket.
And the business about who's the client?
Should people who.
Take snooze to be able to buy it and not having to choose what can should I bring with me today to make it more compact.
Softer.
Is the idea suitable to the brand?
I think you can sell the idea a little bit more.
It feels a little bit generic in the shape design, the actual text and things.
What do you miss?
Maybe a bit more fresh in seconds.
It feels that you can write that on any chewing gum.
You understand it's really more specifically meant for becoming fresher.
I'm not sure if it could.
Here is clean feel.
The packaging, let's hear what you think about it.
I'll suggest get a feeling that I am thinking sort of that this almost looks like you are at rehab from pills.
You only get one pill.
You don't get any more.
It's difficult to see what product it is.
It doesn't say lozenges or anything on it.
But it said fun, fresh and...
The packaging is the first thing I think of because it's such a nice color.
I've never seen such a packaging before.
But this business that you...
It sounds suspect if you would sit with it.
It's a little bit to the box of pills.
And we've got clean feel.
You see the brand there?
What are you thinking?
Is this suitable with the concept that you've read?
I like it.
Absolutely.
It still looks like medication or snooze.
What is it that you like, Patrick?
I think the pills look...
Ze leken smakelijker, verser, maar ik voel ook dat het blikje kleiner zou moeten zijn.
Wat denk je?
Als ik snus neem en mijn vriend wil snus hebben, is het hetzelfde daar.
Alsjeblieft, neem een muntpastille in plaats van snus.
Je opent deze verpakking.
Dat is hoe ik denk, het is nog steeds best goed, het is best mooi, goed uitziend.
De pillen zijn goed.
Als je in deze termen praat, dan zouden ze ook snus kunnen doen.
Ik zou dat tenminste kopen.
Snus is eronder en dan pillen bovenop.
Maak de verpakking nog dikker, dan kan er meer in passen.
Everything.
Does it go with the concept?
I get a feel that it's a sports targeted product.
It's like sporty, but I'm thinking the color and the design, long lasting freshness, type font, that it should be credible, medically proven, that you should do some form of teeth brushing.
It goes away a little bit when you look at it like this.
Sporty, couldn't that be good then?
Sporty is fresh, but don't get the feel that it would brush my teeth in a caring manner.
Isak, what are you thinking about this?
Well, it feels like you've got a bit, I agree, sporty feels like dubbel dusch,.
Double shower packaging.
Sporty, but wash to go, I think it's called in English.
It doesn't feel like nice and luxurious to take it because you should really just want to get fresh quick and easy.
I think it's the best looking of all, this one.
I think it feels nimble, not so bulky.
Talk more about packaging in a while.
You've seen three concepts, and it is quick mint, one that gives it small, gives a quick onset of freshening up.
You've seen clean feel.
It's more cleansing focused, and then you have got this long extreme fresh, long lasting.
These are three concepts you've seen.
And then you have a pen and paper in front of you, a notepad, if you bring it out, and then I was thinking if you just take.
A minute for yourself and write what you find is the most appealing for you of the concepts.
If it is, then you put a one for that and a two on the one that you find number two, three of the one that you find is number three.
Quick mint.
It's actually the pill and not the pill plus packaging.
I'm thinking the actual concept, description of what it is in terms of product.
That's what I'm thinking.
Not the exterior, no, what the direction it pulls in.
One, two and three,.
Yes, please.
The one you like best, and two for the second runner up, and then three for the one you like the least.
You know what?
I'm going to show you one thing.
Let's move on.
I'll show you these mockups so you can see what it looks like in real life.
I don't have one that's wholehearted.
This is what it's intended to look like.
You can't open that.
And then I've got one which is the actual idea with the function so it's a bit bigger.
If you want to have a lot and then there's one for single dose you can look at that see what you're thinking.
What are your thoughts regarding these mock-ups?
It wasn't as big as it looked like on the image.
This I find is quite good maybe a little bit thinner but otherwise really cool.
What are you thinking?
They looked better in reality.
What was better?
They were a bit smaller than the whole palm there on the picture.
Isak, what are your thoughts?
Well, I think they look very practical, a little bit thick maybe.
The function is a bit strange.
Maybe it's just because the moss feels quite loose in the opening, functioning, that things are going to fall out.
Do they look modern?
Well, I do think so.
It reminds of some sin or some white snooze.
Do they feel premium in some way?
What are you thinking?
Well, I think it feels a bit more committed in a positive way.
I like the function strongly that you can take out a pistil in this way.
You haven't seen that before, but still I find it is too thick.
I would have wanted to see at least half a.
centimeter is cut away.
And if you add this light blue, then it would be ruddy.
What it could look like, yeah.
Aline, what are you thinking?
Well, I'm thinking it is good, but it is too thick.
And, well, it's a little bit complicated.
Unnecessarily, I could say.
Could be a bit simpler.
But I think it also sounds a bit.
If you want to be discreet in a meeting, you're sitting like this.
Nah.
You'll have to clad it with some textile.
And the size in a small pocket.
You have to make it thinner, everyone say.
Anything that one should keep that you liked with it?
The shape.
The size of it.
En misschien dat je de mock-up kunt zien, ik denk echt dat ze de hexagonvorm moeten behouden, gewoon om ervoor te zorgen dat het niet te veel lijkt op een snoepblik en het rond te maken en de vorm te behouden.
Het is uniek en als een handelsmerk voor de vorm van de pastille.
Het is heel eenvoudig maar toch eigendom, het is vrij moeilijk om dat te bereiken.
Kun je navullingen doen en zakjes en kun je het vullen?
Wil je dat vanuit een duurzaamheidsperspectief?
Ja, ik zou het kopen als ik het zo in de winkel zou zien.
Het ziet er uitnodigend uit om te kopen.
Ik denk het wel.
Heel positief, afgezien van de dikte zou je kunnen zeggen.
Precies, uitnodigend, slim, een beetje premium, een beetje gedifferentieerd van snoes, minder kleiner dan je dacht, is goed, een beetje dunner zou kunnen.
All right, now let's see.
Not sure if this changed anything from the ranking.
Doesn't look like that, you didn't react.
All right, let's see.
How did you rank it?
I put one on Clean Feel, two on Quick Mint, and three for the other one.
And what are you posting?
Well, actually, I wrote Quick Mint first, but I regretted that.
Clean Feel first, Quick Mint, and then Long Extreme at the end.
And you, Clean Feel one, Long Extreme two, and Quick Mint at the end.
And I had Clean Feel one, Quick Mint two, and.
Long Extreme fresh and then clean feel at three.
Long Extreme one, clean feel two, and then quick mint three.
Then you can see that clean feel was a winner for number one of six, a two and a three.
And those of you who felt that this was a winner, what is it that made you feel clean feel was a good thing?
I like the xylitol.
It's a bit dental carrying effect and I found the pill looked very cool, even if I just dismissed the one that was too late, but I think this looks very fun.
I'm thinking about the rubbing effect.
I haven't heard any pastille that has that effect.
And then I prefer that ahead of this icing from Long Extreme.
All right.
Okay, and then just a quick mint.
Who's put one there, you?
What made you attracted by it?
I like light blue.
And I would, if I would see it on the shelf, that would be most attractive.
Long and extreme fresh, I feel that it lasts longer, it's most important.
This got a lot of twos, and what does it prevent it from quick mint got a lot of twos.
What prevents that from becoming number one?
What clean feel got that quick mint doesn't?
The pills, I think they're too small, and the dental care effect is quite clear.
All right, anything in clean field we need to fix?
The packaging, you can put it in a pocket, thinner, something that needs to be there still in order for it to be applicable?
The pills, I think, the color, this rubbing effect, I think the xylitol is good.
Let me show you as well one concept, just to ask you extra.
Will you sign up for this?
So keep asking, fire away.
Het is iets dat drie keer vers is en ik ga dat voor je lezen.
Mensen willen meer dan alleen een frisse adem.
Ze willen het volledige effect van frisheid voelen en genieten van een alomvattend schoon gevoel.
Mijn mond smaakt slecht en ik maak me zorgen dat mijn adem ook ruikt.
especially to others.
I just want my mouth to feel fresh, taste clean and give me confidence regardless of where I am.
This pastille gives a triple effect which immediately freshens up your breath, cleanses your mouth and leaves a long-lasting clean feel.
This practical and sustainable packaging makes it easy to bring it with you everywhere so you can indulge in a fresh feeling wherever you are.
We introduce the next generation compressed pastille with triple freshness effect, xylitol, menthol and icing ingredients.
Raising the total freshness level to the next level.
Triple freshness, the vitalized feeling spreads throughout the mouth and gives a long-lasting effect.
The pastilles got a freshening mint taste.
The pastille delivers its practical hexagon-manufactured dispensers with reused plastic with a smart use and sharing.
You can simply take a pastille at a time or share with others.
It is sustainable and easy to carry in your pocket or in your bag.
Triple freshness.
What are you thinking about this compared to what you've seen before?
To compare with what you've seen before, you're wondering what else does it have that long extreme or clean feel doesn't have?
I don't think it is really anything that lures you.
It's entirely okay, but it thinks a little bit generic.
Oké, maar ik denk dat het een beetje generiek is.
We hebben eerder iets soortgelijks getest.
Wat zou dat zijn dat je toen teste?
Misschien zou Xylitol nieuw zijn, maar Fishman Friends, je voelt een beetje menthol, dat voelt ijzig.
Het voelt niet helemaal...
Wat denk je, Jenny?
Ik zit te denken aan het verschil tussen deze en Cleanfield, maar het is de ijzige gevoel, wat dan niet Cleanfield is.
Afhankelijk van hoe snel het is, vind ik het niet leuk als het superduper ijzig is.
De Cleanfield tablet zag er een beetje beter uit en zo.
Ik vind het echt fris met deze koeling, vooral in de zomer.
Ik denk dat het echt cool is.
Geweldig.
Het is cool, ijzige ingrediënten.
Ik denk dat het een beetje zorgwekkend is dat het je mond gaat koelen.
be cooling your mouth.
You have to have some taste.
Something needs to happen, right?
I think the pills look premium.
If I see something out there, I don't even need to brush my teeth.
Does it make a difference compared to the ranking that you've done here?
Anyone who feels that this was absolutely the best?
I stand by mine.
You stand by yours?
Me too.
Anyone who feels that this was best?
This is going to be used somewhere?
You're very skeptical.
It's not bad, I don't think.
It's...
what is it that makes you just not feel that this is so interesting?
Is it too much of everything then?
It's not clear.
Freshness power feels a bit, we're talking a bit cars or motorbikes or is it, it's a bit too much.
Triple freshness in the mouth, long-lasting, it's quick, clean.
But you want to choose, don't you?
You want to have a clean feel.
I think what you want with a mint pastel, would it change your ranking in any way?
To me, where would it be, a number one?
The rest of you, not so much?
Okay, I can collect all these.
I can say that these pastels would be fresh blue for this.
Dank u, ik kan dit nemen.
Dank u.
Dank u.
Laten we eens kijken.
Ik dacht dat we naar verpakking moeten kijken.
Laten we beginnen met wat...
Misschien herken je dit.
Ik was die manier.
Je herkent dit, nietwaar?
Vissersvrienden.
You can look and feel and think as big things are now that you actually get to see them.
I'm thinking Mentos had a very good thinness, but then all of a sudden was much bigger, and you don't want that.
Some are also, how do you open it?
Was it Tic Tac in smaller packaging?
They're usually this bit small.
There's Minitacs, I think they're called.
Your favorite concepts there?
What would then be better suited and why?
Can I push one out?
Yeah, go ahead, do it.
Okay, this is, I think it looks a bit, it looks like I can't take more than one.
It looks like I'm at rehab.
The set for medication, yes.
It feels it's easier to fish with friends and this, it's more conspicuous from the crowd and maybe it's a bit the same color, but these feel really similar.
Mint and frisk and Vicksplor, they feel similar.
These blue, fresh, they are a bit more generic packaging.
I'm thinking these spotluck, it looks like exactly like we've looked at before.
What do you think about the packaging?
Too big.
Bulky.
Here, everything's going to come out at once.
I'm afraid of that.
But a sporty...
Het is sportief.
Ik denk dat je duurzaamheid een beetje begint te voelen als je deze dingen ziet.
Misschien had ik gedacht dat deze grote plastic blikjes een beetje onnodig plastic zijn.
Het voelt ook een beetje gemakkelijker en dichter bij de natuur met een kleine papieren zak.
Net als dit, fris, wat vind je daarvan?
Dat het compact is.
Het is vrij dun, niet zo groot en het is eenvoudig te extraheren.
Als je een deksel moet openen en friemelen, dan is het zo van bam en dan heb je er een.
Wat ik denk is dat alle verpakkingen die ik vind echt saai zijn.
Dit lijkt op een batterij.
Je realiseert je gewoon als je het zo ziet, er is niets dat is wow.
Which is, wow, so interesting this looks to be.
Sportlife is like a battery.
What packaging would you get started for your concept?
This.
Smint you like.
As small as possible.
Any functionality here which you find smart?
Isak, what do you think about this?
It feels nimble, maybe it's a little small hole, but it feels, once again, it feels nimble.
Try to open that with gloves.
I was thinking that as well, but I like the concept that it is a small opening, but when you try to open it as well, I saw that you were struggling, so it is a struggle.
We're going to miss the underground.
All of a sudden, flam, and everyone's going to go out.
I don't like this either when you're out walking and then you have to do this.
Or if you're in a meeting, it's like...
What do you think about that one?
It looks like asthma medication.
That's a little bit that feel, particularly too big, tad.
You look sceptical.
I like this size.
I'm thinking these two should be good.
Frisken's mint.
And then if you want to have more, then you can take more.
You don't need to.
It should be open this because I want to take more.
If you want to have more, then you can just push twice.
That's nimble.
It's not so thick.
You can pocket that one easily.
It's a functionality there simply, which is good.
You shouldn't take ten, you shouldn't.
But if you want two, you'll take two.
Fresh is actually what I saw with, what's it now called, Menton, the packaging, if you should share with anyone, if I were to share with anyone, I didn't want the person to take touch all.
You think it's good then or bad?
Yes, because it comes, the only one comes, so it's more hygienic.
So smint is more hygienic.
I mean, those you push simply.
I find this, right now you talk about this, this looks best.
What do you say now?
Otherwise smint is the best way it looks.
If you haven't washed your hands, then you don't want to touch everything.
This is candy.
If I add this, this is what you buy in a tobacconist.
A hockey snus is round, at least you talked about.
If I add these prototypes that we looked at before, is there any difference there, or frisk and smint and all these flatter that you like?
I like this traditional one.
The Lekkerol is or makes a box or bag.
You like frisk, yes.
You like the new one best.
It feels like a social context.
It's not that people I hang out with that take snus, and snus cans end up on the table.
It's going to be like, well, me too, that you have that.
We are.
A snus country, especially when the white nicotine snus, no tobacco, is very popular.
Instead of me, among young people maybe primarily, a lot of girls more like it is a cultural context in Sweden that we have.
And I also got that on tape.
Then you like the new one, but it's a bit thinner.
Anyone else who likes the new mint on there, the prototype, better compared to those that are on the table?
It's nice.
It's nice, but then it's this blue and grey, what is it called?
I've got a little bit more here.
Mint on, prototypes.
This is more like a box.
What do you say?
You had to be careful with them.
There's also boxes here, but flatter.
It's more comfortable for you.
Headache pills.
But should this be in the plastic or should it be a box?
What's the plan?
Should it be a carton board box?
I'm thinking that this would break, that they're going to be smashed.
And these flatter ones, easier to bring with you, but it's a little bit unwieldy.
If you've got the plastic, it feels like things are going to be flying out of the box.
No blisters or anything like that.
But then it would have been really felt like medication.
I don't think it's good size generally.
This is...
is easier, the Vicks packaging.
What do you think about this hygiene, the mint on carton board?
Sufficiently good anyway.
It feels like sustainability thinking they should we transport a lot of packaging that weighs a lot less.
It's just one material, it's probably cheaper to manufacture as well.
I have here a few more documents.
You can just write your first name.
You can write G1 there.
And in silence to yourself you fill out.
You see what you're going to fill out, simply.
Takes a minute and fill it out.
Ik moet naar de winkel, want de melk is op.
Ik begrijp nummer twee niet, sorry.
Letter A through M for each concept.
Quick Mint was the first concept we looked at.
I'm just going to mark what letter I find.
Yes, exactly.
Clean Fill was a bit more this cleansing that several of you liked.
Long Stream Fresh was long-lasting.
And then Triple Fresh had all, but it was all and nothing for you.
The same for every one of them or different?
And G was the one we looked at first?
Wat packaging did you like the best?
Which one, not unexpectedly, J and M?
If they are paper both of them, J for Juliette, M for mother, they take least space, they are cardboard, which ought to be better from an environmental point of view, they're silent, they're not making any clinging, not clinking noise.
The packaging M is the least complicated, but if you want to differentiate the product, maybe you want J for Juliette, because otherwise you might mix it up with Fisherman's Friends.
So if you choose anywhere from J for Juliette or M for mother, I would take M for mother because it's so simple, apart from for quick mint, because it's so small, so if you have that in a bag, then it might fall, it's going to be fidgety, it gets stuck.
So I would use J for that.
And what concept did you like the best?
What concept?
Yeah.
Was it quick mint or clean feel?
Clean feel it was.
Thank you.
Malin, what are your thoughts?
I chose E because it was more hygienic and easy to use.
And it was a good size of that, so that fits the pocket or the bag.
Well, I was thinking I liked J as well because it was more environmentally friendly.
But maybe it's going to be if you have it sort of in the pocket and it's squashed and it's cardboard.
What concept was it that you were thinking of?
Well, for all actually I wrote E.
Quick mint.
What were your thoughts?
H.
And I think the packaging both is modern and novel, but it gives a social context and that it feels durable and that the risk of the pastilles will fly out is not so high because it could be squashed.
And it was clean feel and I feel that they should be going along with the same packaging just to make it clear.
Both also because it is shaped as the pastille is, which is also a nice trademark I think.
Rightio.
Thank you.
And Isaac, what did you choose in terms of packaging?
I chose J for Juliet.
And why?
I felt it was a format that you recognize with other pastille boxes that felt nimble but also felt a little bit proprietary.
It wasn't just.
Like everything else, it was a bit more nimble functionality than the others, and it was clean feel that you liked the best.
Yeah, it fits with that as well.
Feels a bit just about right when it comes to clinical gauge that you get clean for real.
Patrick, what did you select?
L and G.
L for Lima, G for golf.
If you choose one then, L for Lima.
Why?
That it is nimble, hygienic.
Well, good with a portion automatically.
Which was your favorite concept?
Quick.
Philip, F for Foxtrot because it's quick, you push it, it gets out quickly, it's hard plastic, it doesn't break in the pocket.
I think for Quick Mint, I took Long Extreme Fresh, then I think G for Golf, or H for them, because that's premium.
But quick is just, you're gonna get it quick.
All right, let me collect your handouts.
I didn't write anything.
I forgot to write G1 then.
Okay, please do that.
Yeah.
Okay.
Thank you.
All right.
Let's see what we should be talking about.
Right.
Product test.
This is not any finished product, I could say.
First and foremost, with two directions, I just want to hear with you to what direction you believe that a product should be.
And then it is, let's see, I do the right thing.
Let's start with this.
This is called Smash Mint.
And we'll try this one then.
Yeah.
You try this and you get to try another one then.
It's of course voluntary.
I'm not going to force any mint pastilles on you, but.
I think it's good.
Should we introduce them and try them and say what is this feel towards?
What are your thoughts, how it should be tasting, the potency, what you experience?
Is it in that direction?
It's not the product, if it's in the right direction?
Should we start?
Yeah, sure, please go ahead.
I think it's a bit too weak.
I would want to have more oomph in it.
The icing effect was good, maybe a little bit more.
It doesn't have too much taste, does it?
Try this, I tried the other one before.
Let's see.
It tastes a little bit like eating toothpaste, but if you want to have that effect.
Then that's good, I suppose.
But it's a little bit reluctant to swallow because there's so much toothpaste.
I feel that feeling is nice though, because then it feels like we talked about sort of that you want to feel fresh breath and it feels like a comfort that it actually does it.
I think it does exactly what it should.
Only I wanted to have more taste, I agree.
And when it comes to more taste, you mean more taste or that it more potency?
No, taste.
Because I think the potency is fine, you can increase the potency for sure.
I can handle that.
But my first thought is probably more taste.
I think it's fresh, works.
It's fresh if you want to get at that.
But you want to have this kick and replace candy as well.
Let's see what you're thinking of this.
Maybe you chew and swallow and spit it out on the napkin or something, or drink cold water.
They are as big, these.
It's difficult.
They are as big, these.
What do you think about the size of these?
I think it's good.
Good.
It's two layers as well.
What do you say?
It was on the last one as well.
The size is a little bit in between these two images.
Actually, yes.
It's the way you're thinking it should be.
Oops!
Did you get one in the hand?
I'll put it there.
It looks very medical.
And it tastes as well.
Ah, okay.
Frozen Deep Sportlife.
It's difficult to take two done ones without this.
It's difficult to know what's the aftertaste.
It feels stronger, doesn't it?
This is better.
I think the previous is better.
The previous one sounds fresher, but this potency is a little bit sweetie taste.
This icing effect was much stronger with the previous pill.
Here is just potency, but not this freshness.
Danny, I think it tastes a little bit eucalyptus.
Well, is the taste and potency compared to the previous one?
How is it?
I was thinking of that.
I think this was quite potent as well.
You feel in the sinus.
It's a little bit like Fisherman's Friends.
How many like this better?
Raise your hand, one, two, all right and then I'll take it that four of you wanted the previous one.
But if I understand properly, the previous one fresher tastes but a bit more potency.
All right, bless you, coughing.
You can put it on the plate if you don't want to.
It's really cold in mouth.
You feel the sinus really open up with this one.
So it feels more medication against the cold than a fresh tablet.
Maybe you feel the bad breath of everyone else instead.
I'll go and check to see if there's any questions.
I'll be right back.
Ze praten nu over het eten van snoep.
Did the others last longer?
This is more difficult, I felt.
It was so strong.
It was really strong when you chew it.
I don't like chewing the pill because I really wanted it to really exude.
I think it is depriving me of what I should actually get.
This taste, yeah, I agree to let it dissolve.
I've never seen this.
Me neither.
Not a lot of packaging that I recognize, but Menton, I've never heard of them, no, at all.
Have people seen this?
No.
Isn't that some American you recognize as icebreakers?
Never talk of it.
What is it?
Pastilles.
All right.
It looks like candy.
Yes, like hockey powder.
Strawberry glitter.
They've got this scrape thing.
Yes, for the time.
Maybe that is it?
Yes, I do have some questions.
Snooze, we talked about.
This snooze association, which is here.
...
which is here.
Is that good or is it bad?
Good, I'd say.
I also think it's a positive.
Because I think it includes you in a context, if you don't take snooze, that you become part of the gang still.
It's like stigma with snooze that's not fresh, has disappeared when someone puts a snooze can on the table.
It's not...
Some could think it was disgusting before, but now now you can put something on the table even if you're not taking snooze.
The hexagon differentiates a bit.
It's not snooze.
So that's nothing funny business.
I'm a bit old.
I still snooze is bad.
You shouldn't use it.
So you feel like the hexagon shape is a bit...
Yeah, yeah.
That's also the issue with this chocolate cigarette.
Then you didn't think there was a bad thing that children walked around with that.
Met kinderen liep het rond met dat, maar het is zo lang geleden.
Toen ik een kind was, ik ben honderd jaar oud, deed je dat.
Je rookte deze chocoladesigaretten.
Je wilde zijn zoals de volwassenen, maar natuurlijk waren sigaretten gevaarlijk in die dagen, maar het was niet zo verlicht en iedereen was meer of minder aan het roken.
Het voelde alsof tachtig procent van de volwassenen in Zweden rookte.
Misschien ben ik helemaal verkeerd, maar in mijn wereld was het een beetje zo, sowieso.
Oké, maar geen grote dingen.
Maar je hebt hier een paar bezwaren, Jenny, en dan vraag ik me af, als we nog een keer samenvatten, welk voordeel voor jou het meest aantrekkelijk of relevant is.
Is het meer discreet en snel, snelle aanvang, of is het verbeterd?
met improved freshness in the mouth or is it the long fresh taste, so to say?
What do you say?
I said the long.
That's the most important, that it's fresh for longer.
Because I know quick mint, it finishes in five minutes.
It's cool for five minutes.
It's the durability of it, duration.
That's important for me.
And Patrick, what do you say?
Well, I chose quick.
So, well, it is, I want to have this if I am now reeking badly, smelling badly, I want to go to a meeting, I want to have the quick effect.
If I've eaten something, I want to take the taste and the smell out of it.
And Isaac, I stand by.
Clean feel, it feels for real, fresh.
Rebecca, what do you say?
The pure feel, clean feel?
Eileen, clean feel as well.
Jenny, I also like the long-lasting better and just as you said as well with xylitol and sweeteners, you can have a little bit of a stomach ache if you sort of gulp a lot of it.
It's better to take one.
You said clean feel before.
Now you've been thinking a little bit more extended.
What makes the difference then?
I like it that it is, was it, did it have xylitol, the clean feel?
Clean feel did have xylitol, yeah?
Extreme fresh as well, right?
Precisely, xylitol.
Ik zei later on, het had as wel.
I didn't, no.
I was a little bit hinged when it comes to that.
When I also had a question, you have a little bit different whether you like clean feel or a quick mint or long extreme fresh.
What do you like best?
Does it feel like something novel in all what you've seen today with this packaging, the packaging, the taste, the concept?
Something that differentiates from what you find today?
Should we be focusing on this in Sweden?
I think that I haven't tasted any pastille which has been such oomph in.
So I think it is groovy, different.
It's not often you bump into a pistil that's so caring, from what we read.
Well, this should be so caring for your dental and oral health.
That's often chewing gum or fluoride rinse.
I think there's a novel in that, but also design.
Anyone say, no, that's bollocks, nothing new for me.
It's reminiscent of SB12, I promise, it's double layered and SB12 is good for your breath and such.
But it does not reminiscent of everything else in the kiosks, no, so that's a new thing.
But it's reminiscent of SB12, which is in the pharmacy, you like the long extreme fresh.
It's potent and quick and it disappears.
And the cleansing effect seems like something as well, that there's something new with that.
Alright, I only have then a bit of wrap up.
We have time for it.
Just go around the table.
One piece of advice to the client, Minton.
One single advice, please fix this.
Please go ahead.
The box.
There was one there.
Or a paper bag, but maybe needs to be so that you don't get stuck together.
Thinner packaging.
I agree.
Rebecca.
Thinner hexagon packaging.
Isaac.
Well, if they manage to promote the business about.
Being oral health if you appropriate that and get that better.
Patrick, mix these two pills and get the cooling effect in the right way and the, what's it now called?
The coolness and freshness in the first pill, mix those two.
Take the good of both.
Philip, what are your thoughts?
Smaller packaging, yeah.
And then another round the table and finish this sentence.
I would have wished that the freshening products finally would.
Wow.
Freshening products finally would.
Lijkt het eindelijk woord last longer?
Wat zeg je?
Niets wat ik nu kan bedenken.
Misschien is het moeilijk.
Ik kan het later zeggen als ik iets bedenk.
Rebecca, ik wens dat freshening me zou hebben geholpen om bacteria te doden die slechte adem creëren.
Isak?
Werkt het echt?
Creëert het een miracle?
Witte tanden?
Geweldig.
Kun je iets bedenken?
Ik ben het met hem eens.
Witte tanden, ja.
Voordat we afbreken, alles wat we vanavond hebben gezien of gepraat is vertrouwelijk, zowel van onze kant en je moet niet rondgaan schieten de brieze over dit downtown.
Het is bedrijfsgeheimen en je gaat ook een compensatie krijgen gestuurd door Norstad binnen kort.
Ik wil er graag nog een stad in de buurt beleven.