Start - Jenni

There we go, we'll get started.
So, my name is Malin, and I will be a moderator for this group, and as you can see, I have a huge amount of papers.
I will also be recording.
And we are running several groups, so I will be able to remember what we've discussed.
If I don't record it, we also have people behind the interrogation class.
They are not members of the police.
They are just normal people, part of the project.
And I'm also recording as an external recording through this.
But you'll forget them very quickly once we start actually having the discussion.
And those people who are listening to you, they are part of this project.
So there are no other third parties or random people following your live streams.
Everything that you say here will be just between us who are part of the project.
And quite often we have these sorts of groups when we're developing something.
And that's also the case today.
So you will see some things that are still in development.
They are not finished products.
There are some concepts and we're looking at a.
Few different types of packaging and things like that.
So I have just had the idea that they are not finished products, but you can also give them development ideas that this is nice, but it could be better like this.
So these are not finished products.
And this is specifically for feedback.
So we want all of the positive and negative feedback you have.
You don't need to worry about insulting the offending the people behind the class.
So this is always something that we try before we try doing this.
We assume people might want something like this, so then we show it to you.
You don't need to agree or disagree with anyone else and with me especially.
And you can always think about, I will ask you a lot of weird questions, but try to respond to them even though they might sound weird or obvious.
And we'll take one round around the table in order.
And after that, you can speak whenever you want, but you don't want to speak at the same time because then the.
Recording will be difficult to listen to, so we'll try to speak one at a time.
There are no right or wrong answers, and I'll collect your forms back, and we'll collect these back as well.
These are just for your gift cards and so on.
Interpreted notes, someone has a microphone on in the Zoom call.
There's people following the stream as well, and someone had their microphone on earlier.
Just have a quick round.
around the room, give me your first name, what type of household are you living in, and what do you do in the day.
You don't need to tell me your profession, but whether you're a student or in employment or you're a volleyball athlete, whatever.
And you can also think of a name if you don't want to use your real name, because you can be anonymous here.
Just remember what you've used.
My name is Jenni.
I live by myself with my two Samoyed dogs.
And I work as an HR specialist.
And you said you're in a long-term, long-distance relationship with Norway.
Are they moving to you or are you moving to Norway?
Well, we have to find out.
Hey, my name is Mira.
Currently working as an analysis service manager in the private sector, that's all.
My name is Julia.
I live with a spouse and a dog and I work in financing.
My name is Lari.
I'm a nurse and I live with my spouse and two dogs.
My name is Oliver.
I live by myself.
I study at a vocational institution and work part-time.
My name is Miska.
I live by myself with three cats and I'm a student.
Thank you, welcome.
My name is Siru.
I live with a spouse and a dog and I'm a crisis specialist.
My name is Marita.
I live with two cats.
I'm a student and I have a part-time job.
And my name is Marlin, and I will be your captain for the flight tonight, and I will try to make sure that we will be able to get home tonight on time.
But we'll start with just something simple.
If you think about, I believe you all consume pastilles, that was one of the criteria.
And we think that one of the reasons to use them is to freshen up your breath.
What do you usually use in terms of products to freshen up your breath if you're outside your home and why?
What are the situations where you use them?
Where you feel like you need to or want to freshen up your breath?
Well, for me, it is for work.
I have a lot of situations where I go to meet store manager and we're alone in a very small space.
I want to be a little bit more comfortable.
I can feel more confident when I have a fresh breath so I can talk directly at them if.
I have a bit more of a fresh breath.
Okay, I see.
And if you had just had a garlic meal, then it would be uncomfortable for them.
So you're going to meet with someone and you get a more confident feeling?
Yes, or if I'm in a situation where if I'm with a friend, they might be able to tell me if I have a bad breath, but in other situations, they probably wouldn't be able to tell me.
So I should take care of it myself.
Can anyone else figure, identify with that?
Yes, same for me.
Yes, same for me.
Social situations usually.
I'm also in very close contact with people in my work, with my employer, basically, without implying anything else.
But I think it's nice that I don't have bad breath because they have to be pretty.
close to me in my work, and I also don't want to taste the meal in my mouth after I've had it.
So I want to have a fresh mouth as well.
I usually often have a feeling that if I want to have that fresh feeling in my mouth, then I will have a pastille.
I always have one after a meal, whether I'm alone or with other people, it's nice to have that fresh feeling.
Is it the fresh feeling, or is there anything else about it?
Zillitol also, so that I can protect my teeth.
Any other reasons?
Well, also if I have had some sort of...
I've eaten something that has left a strong taste in my mouth, and then I can sort of flush the taste from my mouth with a pastille, otherwise it'll stay there for longer.
And it also makes you feel like a refreshed feeling as well.
You kind of wake up a little bit and feel like your whole presence gets a little bit fresher when you have better breath.
And I also don't want to turn to face anyone else if I've just had a meal.
So if I have had a pastille, then I don't feel anxious about turning to look at people.
Okay, and what is the brand that you usually buy?
Depends.
Minthon?
Lekkerol?
Tic Tac also?
Is it Tic Tac or Tic Tac?
Tic Tac, yeah.
What about if any of you, does any of you have a habit where you have multiple types of pastilles, like you might have one for one occasion, another for different situations?
Well, if I think about, for example, lacquerol dents, you can chew it very quickly.
So if I, and menton tends to be something that I sometimes chew the menton as well, but it has a structure where I could suck on it for a longer time.
I think menton is much fresher compared to lacquerol, which tends to be a little bit more of a candy-like flavor.
So both of them keep you occupied that you can chew on something or suck on something, but menton is more fresh.
Also, if I've had, for example, the flu or some kind of symptoms like that, and then I have a menton, then...
If I have a mint, then it opens up the airways a lot more.
I also like to use them just as a little bit of candy.
I don't want to buy chocolates, but I just want to have a pastille that tastes a little bit like candy.
But is it better to have a pastille rather than have chocolate in terms of health?
It's a lot fewer calories at least.
And I feel like I don't eat the same amount of it anyway.
And I think the lagerolli tends to be...
It's something that you eat very quickly, and especially, for example, if I'm working on a computer and I'm...
I have a box of them, then I will usually end up eating the whole box when there's this sort of candy like Lekarol pastilles.
I also like the xylitol products, they're very important.
For example, at work I will usually have three boxes of a pastel, and then if I'm having too many of them, then it also has the laxative effects, which my co-workers have often found when they have had too many of them.
But the xylitol is at least something that's usually considered fairly Finnish.
Who thinks of xylitol as an important thing in pastilles?
Let's have a show of hands.
Seven of you.
Seven out of eight.
For you it's less important.
What is most important to you in pastilles?
Well, freshening up my breath, and also it's important that at our office, the air at our office is very dry, so it dries out my mouth, dries out my eyes, and the pastilles help me maintain my voice and my throat a little bit longer.
So xylitol is not necessarily the priority.
It's a good thing still, but it's not the number one thing.
Okay.
You mentioned the laxative effects.
Is there anything else that sort of is a barrier to you using these kinds of breath freshening pastilles more?
Not really otherwise, but I also don't like to have many at once.
So that's at least, that's a barrier to me having a whole box at once.
What is it?
discreetly like dig it out of your mouth.
And I would like it to be all over my mouth, but when it gets stuck, I feel like the freshening effect only stays in that one part of my mouth.
I don't remember who they had them before.
There were these blue pastilles that they used to give, but that also had this really sticky texture.
I think it's the Vicks Blue maybe.
They had this soft insides where you could, you had this a little bit, the outside was a little bit soft, but I really didn't like those.
Okay, so some of them get sticky.
Is there anything else that you have run into that you've been disappointed with?
Maybe sharp edges.
Some of them have, some of them are very smooth, so they're slippery basically.
So once you suck on them,.
It might become very sharp.
So it might turn into this like very sharp edged disc, which I don't like.
What's the one sort of old people's candy?
The white, shaped like a pillow.
That's horrible.
Fisherman's friend.
No, something else.
They're in a blue bag.
Jukka menthol, maybe.
Yes, I'm clearly the old person.
I'm not that old.
I just happen to know that.
But it's something that's very fresh and then it turns into this kind of powder once you start eating it.
Yes, also if anything disintegrates into a powder very quickly, it's really uncomfortable.
It feels like I will breathe it in.
So it's a very negative surprise.
I think there's some advertisements that it's extremely fresh and long lasting effect, but then after it's in your mouth for two minutes and then it's over and then it's all the same.
So I feel like the long lasting effects aren't very long lasting usually.
It's annoying for me if you have this smooth pastel and it's in your mouth for a little while and then it becomes very rough somehow.
That's frustrating and I tend to just at that point bite it and swallow the rest of it so that it's not scratching me in my mouth.
Okay, great.
Does anyone have a feeling that you're embarrassed to have pastels or you try to hide it or discreetly do it?
Just as a hypothetical, you don't need to be...
I feel like if I'm in a situation...
I feel like I can't at least, if I'm having a pastille, I need to at least offer it to someone else, otherwise I think other people will think that I have bad breath if I'm just having it for myself.
Okay, but none of you really feels like you need to like really hide it, or are there any situations where you need to?
No, because I would rather have it very openly.
If I do hide it, then it's to avoid other people asking for it.
Okay, so the package also needs to be very small so that you can keep it very discreetly in yourself, in your pockets,.
I see.
So you mentioned a few different situations where you use pastilles, but there's also situations where you're with a friend, you're out on a date, you're with another person in close proximity who is maybe not your best friend, so you don't want to tell them.
How often does this situation come up?
Is it at work or where does this situation happen to you?
I would say that at least at work, we're going to a meeting room or otherwise spending time in a small room with the door closed.
Every day at my work.
And are these kinds of breath-freshening moments then, do they happen every day in the studies or work or do you use them in your nightlife, for example, as well?
I do use it in evenings at a bar, for example, I might have a box with me.
So between ciders, I might have one to freshen my breath.
I think if I have dry mouth, then it makes me think that I have bad breath.
So then I will usually want to have a pastille to combat that.
Okay, so it could be in your evenings, in your leisure time as well.
Yes, if I have it in my handbag, then it's easy to have one that way.
Okay, and if you think about pastilles, if you assume that you want to freshen your breath, what does the product have to do to you when you eat it?
When you pop it in your mouth, what do you expect from it?
That it starts freshening my breath?
It starts feeling like, for example,.
like the effect of menthol.
I would rather have it be too strong at the start so that I can feel it up in my nose that okay now it's really fresh.
Okay so you don't need to have it in your mouth for a long time waiting for the effect to start.
Also it should have a good flavor.
Okay and you mentioned earlier that you want to eliminate bad breath but you also want to neutralize the taste in your mouth.
Also it moisturizes the mouth.
Does it make you feel clean?
I see some nodding.
A little bit cleaner.
Maybe not clean but a little bit cleaner in the mouth.
It doesn't necessarily compare to brushing your teeth but does a pastille make you feel like you have a cleaner mouth?
Especially if it's clean.
Then I feel like I have done something good for my body when I have one.
Yes for example sometimes if I've forgotten my toothbrush if I'm.
staying over somewhere else, then the pastille has kind of like replaced the toothbrushing as the next best thing.
It's better than nothing.
Okay, I've noticed that if I have too many menthol mentons, then I start having a bad breath, but lacrylol dense doesn't cause that for me.
Yes, maybe the menthon is so strong that the mouth balance gets upset faster.
Have you noticed that for yourself or for someone else?
Just for myself.
Okay, has anyone else noticed something like that?
I haven't thought about it.
I've just been snacking on menthons as much as I wanted.
So, if you think about the feeling that you get when you have a pastille,.
What is the feeling that you have?
I feel more accepted, maybe a little bit more refreshed.
If it's a little bit of a strong taste, it will sort of wake me up a little bit.
Or if it's menthol, that you also can feel on the exhalation, you can even feel it even up in your eyes at that point.
Or I've at least noticed that.
At least as a nurse, we work with masks quite a lot.
So I get a lot of more immediate feedback of my breath on the rest of my face.
I've noticed the same thing, that if I have a Xylitol pastel when I'm working late in the office, then it will refresh me a little.
Yeah, so you also get a bit of a confidence boost, because now that you know that I'm not imposing bad breath onto anyone else, then I feel like I can carry myself more straight without worrying about my garlic breath.
That is true that there is this sort of a, you can stand up straighter and you can be a lot more open when you know you have fresh breath.
Okay, so you feel a little bit more confident that you're not breathing garlic into someone's face.
So what is the sort of desired outcome?
What does the product have to do for you so that you notice that this is actually working?
It should make you feel fresh and cool.
It's the menthol for me.
That makes me feel fresh.
At the same time, it should be a little bit discreet, that it doesn't have too sharp of an instant effect, that it sort of goes by nicely and I don't need to pay attention to it, but it also makes me feel fresh and cool.
Next I will show you, I have a few concepts.
Actually that will happen later, so I will show you a flip board, and these are not sort of, these are these spectrums, you can just call out really, so we have two pairs, always two pairs of words, first there is fast effect and long lasting effect, if you think about the breath freshening effect, which is better, fast or long lasting, long lasting, long lasting, long lasting, you said fast, why fast?
I'm not sure, I'm not very sure, I think all the sort of, I don't really enjoy flavors in my mouth for too long, so.
I don't think I've ever noticed any pastille being super long-lasting.
Okay, everyone else said long-lasting effects.
Why?
Then I don't need to have multiple.
It maintains the freshness for longer.
Then dissolving, quick or slow dissolving?
Maybe slow, slow, slow, so slow.
You said quick?
Why is that?
Yeah, I always just chew my pastilles and bite on them, whether or not they're intended for it.
So then it's better that it's fast dissolving.
I see.
That also depends.
If I'm thinking of if I do have time to sit still for 20 minutes and really enjoy the pastille, or if I'm just about to step into a door, into a situation, and I need to have it right away, then I would want to have it be quick dissolving.
So those are two different situations, definitely.
Then big or small?
Small.
Could it be too small?
What would be a good size?
Well, if it's very small like a pea, then it would be too small.
Okay, so a little bit bigger than that.
Yes.
Then we have the ones that are intended to be sucked on and others that are intended to be chewed on.
Some of you have mentioned both, but which one would you prefer?
Biting?
Biting?
Why is that better?
Because it's sort of an active feeling.
I get to do something with my mouth.
I also get the feeling that it stays in there.
It gets more closely embedded into the surface of the teeth.
That's what I'm thinking of as well, because I use xylitol, so I want it to be.
interacting with my teeth.
I do prefer sucking on them as well because that can also have a calming effect that you can sort of focus when you're sucking on something for a long time that can calm you down better than just immediately biting something and then it's immediately over.
Okay so it might have a calming effect I see.
And here we have the also strong and intense and gentle and comfortable.
If you it depends for me many said a strong strong strong strong most of you said strong is that what you're looking for in a pastille that is strong?
refreshes me, or if it's too mild or too gentle then it might just be wasted.
It doesn't do anything?
Yeah, okay, then it doesn't have the freshening effect, I see.
Then sweet and candy-like or natural and clean taste?
Impassile specifically?
Natural, natural?
Okay, and then visible or discreet and silent?
Discreet and silent?
You would prefer it to not be very huge that everyone sees that you have something in your mouth?
Well, I work in an open office, so I don't want to make noises chewing on it, so if I'm really rolling around a pastille and then smacking on it and it's constantly clacking on my teeth, that would be annoying.
And here we have lower price, and it's compared to a few different criteria, which might increase the price.
And here we have first more sustainability, it's more environmentally friendly.
Then it might have some sort of dental care or better dental care benefits, or it has more of a premium feel that it's somehow a little bit better.
What do you think about these?
Does the price matter, or which of these would you be willing to pay more for?
Or would you be?
I think sustainability would be less of a thing, that it's just sort of, okay, this is...
It's made from birch leaves.
I can chew on birch leaves if I want, but if I want a pastille, I want it to blow my mind with a flavor.
Okay, so at that point, you're not thinking about the environment, I see.
For me, I would prefer to buy my candy as candy, and if I want to have a pastille, I want it to have something other than just candy.
So the dental care benefits, for example, would be one reason for...
I would be willing to pay a little bit more for it because if I'm just paying the cheapest pastilles where I'm not even sure if it does anything, that's probably wasted.
Okay, anything else?
Is anything here something you would be willing to pay for?
The dental care.
I would be willing to pay for that.
Yes, especially if it's good.
And if I had, for example, two choices of packages, one was plastic and the other was cardboard, I would probably choose the cardboard.
Okay, so you would prefer to have the cardboard.
Sometimes you might have plant-based plastic, which is maybe better.
That would be okay for you?
Yes.
But because the pastilles don't last for too long, so I think it's totally okay to have it be in cardboard because if it's in a plastic package, then it's a bit overkill to the usable age of the pastilles.
Of course, if they're in a plastic bag and you open it, then they'll go off a lot faster.
But a cardboard bag.
tends to work quite well, especially if you have the cardboard boxes where it has the little lip on the lid.
So it has this little click when it closes so you know that it won't easily open.
At least, of course very quickly they tend to wear out.
I do like pastilles, but I have a lot of problems with the packages where the lid tends to open too easily or you try to get just one out but there's multiple coming out at once.
Interesting points, we'll come back to those later.
So next one is a cooling kick versus a smooth and soothing effect.
Who feels that there should be a cooling kick?
Yes, yes, yes.
Yes, I think you mentioned that at the start, that it needs to have that sort of a kick at the start.
And then we have sugar and sugar-free.
Sugar-free?
And if it's sugar-free, then what should it be flavored with?
I think, does xylitol count as a sweetener?
I'm not sure.
I'm asking you.
If it doesn't have sugar, what should it have?
Or is it just xylitol?
I would prefer it to be xylitol.
Yes, the sweetness is not really what I'm looking for in a pastille either, so...
Okay, next we will move on and I will give you some papers.
And please note that these are not finished marketing texts, these are not advertisements.
These are just concepts and ideas that can be used for further development.
So at this point, as such,.
These are not finished, but these are just for our conversation here.
We're looking at what you'd be interested in, what is good about it, and how we'll move on from here.
So you don't need to take a pen and correct all the spelling mistakes and stuff like that.
Let's look at these together.
And I will let you give some comments for this as well, some feedback.
Does everyone have a clean feel sheet in front of them?
And I will read it to you.
Or do you want to read it yourselves?
So it's a clean feel, a fresh and clean feeling in your mouth wherever you are.
Puhdas ja raikas tunne suussani, missä tahansa olenkin.
Tämä pastille raikastaa hengityksen sieltä ja puhdistaa tunteja.
Samaa tukee hammasterveyttä.
Sun se tuntuu yhtä puhtaalta kuin juuri hampaanpesun jälkeen.
Kätevän kokoisen ja kestävän pakkauksen ansiosta voit pitää pastille aina mukana ja voit nauttia puhtauden tunteesta missä tahansa oletkin.
Esittelemme uudenlaisen puristepastille, johon on lisätty ksylitolia.
Ksylitoli tiedetään vähentävän bakteeriakvatkia suussa sekä stimuloivan syljien eritystä.
Onko tämä mainosteksti?
Joo.
Ksylitoli kysyttävyyden voimakkaaseen mentoliin ja pitkäkestoisempien viilentävien ainesosiin tehostaa raikkauden tunnetta entisestään.
Pastillissa on virkistävä tuttuinen ainesosi.
Lisättynä ominaisuutena pastillissa on erityisen karjaapintakuviointi, joka hellävaraisesti hieron.
Auttaa suun ja kielen puhdistuksessa vahvistaen puhtaalta ja tunteelta.
Tarkoittaako tämä jotenkin tavallaan?
How do you feel about this?
Do you identify with the need that was listed there?
Kuulostaa hyvällä.
It sounds good, sounds good.
Mikä tässä on erityisen?
What's particularly interesting about this?
Tässä on puhuttu aika hyvin vastauksia.
I think it really, I think it clearly responds to what we just talked about regarding our needs.
Especially the cooling ingredients at least is appealing to me.
Ja myös sileitoli.
And then it also mentions silitol.
It talks about what it does, it reduces bacteria and plaque in the mouth and it also stimulates the saliva production.
So it clearly describes what the role is for the dental health care.
Ja se kertoo, että...
And I like that.
It tells you that it has this rough surface, so I know what to expect.
Okay, so it doesn't come as a surprise, I see.
I think it was a little bit odd that it says that it feels exactly the same as if you had just brushed your teeth.
I think that's a pretty big promise.
I was also thinking about it, it says it's a sturdy package.
Is it again a plastic package or what is it packaged in?
Because we were just talking about it, because you don't hold pastilles for too long, so it doesn't need too big of a package.
So it would be better if it was just a cardboard package.
And I noticed that as I was reading this, my saliva production was stimulated.
I would like to try this.
What about the fresh and clean feeling in your mouth wherever you are?
The freshness is maybe here, but someone also said that it's unlikely that you can really feel as clean as after having brushed your teeth because of a pastille.
Do you feel that that's, is it convincing, is it credible?
I think Laura mentioned that if you went somewhere and you forgot your toothbrush, then a pastille would be the next best thing.
Yes, I think this could work for that.
Okay, so this would be exactly for that.
You're out at a sleepover at a friend's place and then you forgot your toothbrush.
Yes, but this is a condensed pastille, so you probably can't chew.
It feels like this is the chip mint type of mint.
If you bite into it, then it gives you the whole promise at once, and that's a bit too much.
And it's a bit of a panic.
Yes, and if my impression of this would be that it's intended to be slowly sucked on, then it says that it gently massages the mouth and the tongue.
But then if you chew it immediately, then it probably doesn't have those effects.
So the better it's designed, I'll just ruin it with how I enjoy it.
I get a clean feeling when I have a pastille, for example, if.
I have a pastille after a morning coffee that I want to have a fresh and clean feeling in my mouth or if I just come out from lunch and I have a menthol chewing gum, for example, then that tends to both get the clean feeling in your mouth and it also helps remove the pieces of food from between my teeth.
Okay, so you feel like chewing gum would be better for cleaning, then?
Yes, that's what I'm feeling.
Who thinks chewing gum would be better as a toothbrush substitute, basically, than a pastille?
Seven.
And I don't use chewing gum, so I don't qualify.
And does it feel like if you really want the feeling that you get after brushing your teeth, then of course brushing your teeth is good, but if you don't have that, then chewing gum would be the solution.
Is that right?
Yes.
Yes, I think that would be better.
But I also don't have chewing gum often.
I would rather have the basil, but I think chewing gum would be better specifically for the clean feeling, but I will still have the basil.
I don't like chewing gum too much.
But I would love to have chewing gum, but I think it also makes indigestion worse and heartburn worse, so I've been trying to reduce it.
And I tend to grind my teeth quite a lot as well, so I'm trying to reduce things that require chewing.
Yes, I have the same thing as well.
Okay, and how could you make this more convincing?
Or could you make this more convincing?
I think it's maybe trying to...
It keeps repeating the sort of, wherever you are on the go, that people could use this for themselves,.
but also for social situations that if it's sort of a rough texture then it looks like something that you could probably talk while it's in your mouth, so you could slip it into your cheek for a little bit without just slipping out as like a snooze pack under your gum, so there's a social theme definitely here in the text, I think.
I would like to have this with some sort of statistical data, I don't need the 9 out of 10 dentists, but some sort of thing that it supports dental health care, I would want to have some numbers or some data for or source for how it does that, of course the company will tell me that it's great for my dental health care, and here it says that xylitol is known to reduce black and bacteria, maybe more about how much does it do it, some sort of percentage or how strong of an effect is it actually.
But you said that this supports dental healthcare.
Do you think that's related just to the xylitol or the fact that you get a fresh and clean feeling in your mouth?
I think the xylitol plays a very strong role here, I think.
That it serves as the engine for, okay, that's why it has dental healthcare, and then it also has...
This is probably something that we just accidentally know in Finland, that as soon as there's xylitol in something, then we all recognize that it's good for you.
And for everyone else, if it didn't have xylitol, would this be credible as a dental healthcare product?
That it gives you this clean and fresh feeling.
that supports dental healthcare.
I think the xylitol adds credibility, but I think as a piece of advertisement, it doesn't really promise anything new.
The only new thing that I've heard about is that as an added feature, it has the rough texture that does the massage effect.
So compared to other Pastille advertisers, that's the only thing that comes up as a new feature to me in the marketing sense.
Is that credible to you?
Well, I'm not sure.
I don't think so, not for me.
It's maybe something that will just add a bit of an undernote so that we have one more selling point that here's one more thing.
But at least it stands out to me, it caught my eye.
And it's also when toothbrushes also have the sort of the like a tongue scraper thing on the other side of the toothbrush, this tends to have the same thing that you can of course use your toothbrush to clean your tongue as well.
But when you use those, the rough texture on the reverse side of a toothbrush to brush your tongue, then that has more of an effect.
And I feel like this here they're looking for the same thing that you can when you have a separate highlighted feature of it that it does scrape it.
The rough textures are not a new invention.
But I was just wondering about how that works with a pastille.
Do I need to suck on it in a specific way and like keep intentionally moving it back and forth on my tongue?
Okay, so it could be that it does have that effect kind of when it moves around.
And I want my pastille to be very strong and to have a strong freshening effect.
But if it rolls around on my tongue for a long time, then it starts hurting my tongue, I think.
So I think those two things don't really work well together.
If it's very powerfully fresh, and it's also meant to roll around for a long time, then that doesn't work, I think.
Unless the texture is something that it really like catches on your tongue and has high friction.
So let's have a show of hands, who found this interesting?
Oliver, what was interesting to you about this?
Well, I'm basically fully sold.
So what was good about this?
I would like to try it right away.
What was interesting about this?
The xylitol is interesting, and also it's a pretty big claim that it makes you feel as clean after having brushed your teeth.
That is interesting, and the rough texture is also interesting, but not being too rough, hopefully.
So if you think about the feeling after having brushed your teeth, your teeth are like smooth and slippery, how could the pastille really give you that feeling?
How can you get that feeling from a pastille?
I think for me it feels like the rough texture doesn't sound like the best feeling for my dental health care.
Because it says it's a rough texture, so it feels like it's a very strong sort of scraping effect.
I think it's a little bit contradictory, because I do like them to have a rough texture, but usually the way that I would use pastilles is just right before a meeting, but then I can still talk while the pastille is in my mouth.
Okay, so you're looking for the functional side?
Yes.
But then at the same time, what I'm confused about there is that why I would like to try it is when it says that it feels the same as if you just brushed your teeth.
Does it taste like a toothpaste or something like that?
But I'm also a little bit skeptical about how well that claim can actually be implemented.
I think, for example, there's the strong menthol and mint flavors.
or mint flavors, I think those also emphasize the sort of toothpaste flavor that you have after brushing your teeth.
And also the long-lasting effect and long-lasting ingredients, which is interesting to me, that if you have this cool and fresh feeling in your mouth, then I think this could be very suitable for it.
I think it would be better if it said your mouth feels as fresh as after having brushed your teeth, because I don't believe that it can feel as clean as having brushed your teeth.
Yes, I would probably also want a different word there.
Okay, so maybe the sense of cleanliness versus freshness are different, I see.
Okay, then we'll have the next concept.
Keep that over there and next we'll look at QuickMint.
Next is QuickMint.
Does everyone have one?
So this is the fastest and easiest solution for freshening your breath on the go.
En tunne olevan olainen mukavaksi pureskellessani purkkaa tai imeskellessäni pastelia useita minuutteja, kun haluan saada huomaamattomasti ja nopeasti raikkaan tunteen suuhuni.
Tämä pieni pastilia antaa välittömästi raikkaan hengityksen tyylikkässä pakkauksessa, jota voi käyttää milloin vaan missä tahansa huomaamattomasti ja ilman kiusallisia hetkiä.
Kompakti pakkauskoko tekee siitä helpon kantaa mukana, jotta voit aina tuntea olosi itsevarmaksi ja raikkaaksi missä tahansa oletkin.
Esittelemme uuden tavallista pastilia pienemmän kokoisen kuusikulmaisen muotoisen puristinpastelin, jonka nopeasti sulaava rakenne antaa tehokkaan raikkauden kokemuksen välittömästi ilman tarvetta imeskellä pastilia pitkään.
Voit myös pureskella pastilia saadaksesi välittömän tehon.
Intensiivinen raikkauden tunne saavutetaan vahvan menttaalin raikastavalla vaikutuksella yhdistettynä viihdyttäviin ainesosiin.
Kuitenkin säilyttää pastilit miellyttävän mintuisen kokonaismaun.
I think it says stylish package, but I think it's providing a solution for a problem that's not a problem.
I understand if you have tampons or other female hygienic products that you need to be a little bit discreet with, but with pastilles I don't see that as an issue.
I don't need it to be discreet.
There's not really uncomfortable moments related to it.
It's difficult to imagine a situation where someone is really embarrassed about having pastilles.
I also got the same feeling from the way that he described it as a stylish package that it's intended for fine ladies.
I don't need the.
package to be stylish.
And you're saying that it's not really an embarrassing situation to have a menthol or Lakerol?
Yes, regardless of whatever the package looks like, this says that it's compact and easy to open and that it doesn't accidentally open.
Those are the most important features.
There's not really anything else important.
It makes me also think that if this is the primary selling point, then if it's a stylish package, then that also sounds like something that would cost more and not actually add anything to the product.
What about the description here?
Was this relevant to you?
Did you recognize that you want to somehow quickly and easily get the fresh feeling and you don't want to feel uncomfortable chewing on gum or pastilles?
Do you ever have a need to discreetly get that feeling?
I think that there's also situations where that would be relevant, so long as it's not too quick, that the effect would also last for longer.
If I think of an effect that happens very quickly and then goes away very quickly, then it's probably not a very long-lasting effect and it might be super strong in that effect.
It might be even too strong.
I like this to some extent.
I feel seen by the description, but I do like chewing on my pastilles.
I think this sounds better than the previous one.
Why is this better, in your opinion?
This new one feels more relevant than the previous one, where the previous one went very forward with a lot of information, but this one has more of a convincing argument.
So what was it about this that convinced you?
It has a very clear description of, hey, these are the situations where this pasilla is suitable, and it's very fresh immediately.
And if it's suitable for that situation, then I would be perfectly fine with trying it.
This is just the basic of do you want to have fresh breath in the social situation?
Yes.
Yes, I feel like these are two different scenarios.
I could buy both of these products, but I think the quick mint would be the stuff that I would just have throughout the workday.
While the clean feel would be something that I have, for example, if I'm on a long drive or I'm taking a nighttime bus to Turku or the dental health care, even though this doesn't mention xylitol, but it doesn't need to because I wouldn't want to have quick mint because of the dental health care reasons.
Anyone else?
Was this interesting to you?
Yes, I think so.
I'm not too interested in this hexagonal pastel.
It doesn't look like it would be pleasant in the mouth, but otherwise it seems interesting.
I also noticed that they're pretty similar, the two different advertisements.
I think one of them is more round.
Yes, they're quite similar.
So quick mint is just a direct sort of menton.
I feel like both of these are very boring as names.
I feel like if the market is in Finland, then it's.
...
annoying to have product names in English.
Oh yeah, these names are not final products.
Good point.
Does anyone else agree?
Because the names certainly are not final.
They're a work in progress.
And these are tested outside of Finland as well, so I assume these are just working titles.
But you can of course make the good comment that you want them to be in Finnish.
Yes, I would want them to be in Finnish.
It's like immediately clean in Finnish.
What about the gentleman at the back?
I think quick mint seems to be more directed towards a hectic and very stressful lifestyle, so it doesn't really speak to me in this moment.
And the name also isn't as good as the clean feel is a better name.
If that were to be the product.
So you're not really looking for a quick fix in your life?
No, not really.
And the fact that it's small also doesn't help.
I have a big mouth, I need bigger pastilles.
Okay, so it doesn't feel like it would be enough.
Okay, what about Ladi?
I'm not sure.
At least the quick mint feels like it would be very straightforward in its marketing.
And I could, for example, if I'm reading or I could have that quick solution for the solution while the clean field would be this more sort of everyday slow pastille that makes more promises while the quick mint is the sort of quick solution for just the social situation.
I would also consider it in different markets as well, that I would feel the clean feel would be in places, a clean feel would be good for people who have dry mouth, they're smokers or they work in places where you have a lot of dry mouth.
And then again, have the quick mint at the last shelf when you're at the checkout aisle in the grocery store.
So you can quickly grab it.
Okay.
Is there anything else you would like to point out or improve about this to make it more convincing?
Or no more?
I'm again shuffling over to the window, but you keep talking.
And we'll take the last of the concepts.
This again, English language name, don't let that bother you.
This is a long extreme fresh.
This is making you laugh.
So the long extreme fresh.
That sounds like a toothpaste.
Yes, definitely.
So it's long extreme fresh, freshness you can feel instantly and for a long time.
Kun huomaa henkityksen tai epämiellyttävän maun suussa, haluaa henkityksen raikastuksen nopean ratkaisun, joka myös kestää, jotta voi tuntea olollinen itsevarmaksi ja raikkaaksi koko päivän.
Tapapastilli antaa sinulle välittömästi raikkaan henkityksen, jonka voit todella aistia, samalla kun raikkauden tunne kestää pitkään.
Käytäköhän kokoisen ja kestävän pakkauksen ansiosta, voit pitää pastillia aina mukana, jotta voit tuntea olosi itsevarmaksi ja raikkaaksi missä tahansa kullekkin.
Uusi henkityksen raikastuspastilli sisältää aktiivisia niille päin ainesosia, jotka todella voit tuntea.
Näiden aktiivisten ainesosien ansiosta voit tuntea irskattelevia paikkauden purkauksia suussasi, samalla kun voimakas menttooli tuo välittömän raikkauden tunteen.
Kuusikulmaisen puristepastillin hitaasti liukenevan rakenteen ansiosta.
Raikkauden vaikutus on pitkäkestoinen, pastillissa on virkistävä minttuinen kokonaismaku.
And for a long time, that's instant and long-lasting.
It sounds like this sort of eternal, forever pastille that you can chew on and suck on forever and it won't go away.
It doesn't dissolve at all.
Depends on how long it is.
I like for the freshness to last for a long time, but if it's something that I get a cool feeling in my mouth for a long time, then that also becomes uncomfortable.
On the third day would get annoying.
So if it says it's a long-lasting, how long would you expect it to be?
An hour?
I would say 30 minutes to an hour would be appropriate.
Okay.
And then if you ignore the wordings that you didn't like, then do you recognize the issue here or that like this is feel relevant to you as a need?
I think I would prefer to buy this.
I would like that.
It seems like it would be good value for my money that this kind of long-lasting effect would be good that if it happens quickly, then you'll just grab another one.
But if the first one lasts you for an hour or half an hour to have that freshness of the first you have the basil in your mouth for a little while and then it'll continue.
the feeling will continue for some time after that, then I would feel that that would be pretty good and effective.
And if the flavor also stays nice for a long time, that it's not just, it starts becoming, it's no longer fresh, that it starts tasting something else and then you need to cover up, use something else to cover up the mint flavor.
But if it's pleasant and it continues to be pleasant for a long time, then if the long-lasting effect doesn't compromise on the flavor, and if we're specifically talking about freshening the breath, I feel like this wouldn't be just a basic grocery store candy aisle pasil, this would be made for specifically this purpose, I think.
Yes, to me this sounds more like a basic pastille compared to the other ones.
This text is less effusive about this being something new and incredible.
It's a bit more boring.
I got stuck on the hexagonal description here.
I wonder why that has been described here separately.
What is so special about the hexagonal angles?
Maybe the extreme freshness is in the corners.
Does it dissolve slower because it's hexagonal?
Or do you sort of roll around in your mouth more because it's not round?
Because it's really highlighted here as a separate.
feature has a wow factor?
Maybe it's just a better mouthfeel.
Maybe it feels nicer when it has this kind of texture.
And if it's a smooth, small pastel, then it can easily get stuck in your cheeks and so on.
But I think if it's got corners in it, then I think you will end up rolling it around a little bit more.
And is this credible?
And if you remove the ungrammatical Finnish parts that you didn't like, yeah, it's credible.
Okay, understood.
You've probably been wondering, some of these texts talked about the different packaging types.
I think clean feel we talked about first.
So I will show you, associated with a clean feel, with the clean and fresh feel in your mouth wherever you are.
This is the same text, but the last paragraph is added as a description of the pastilles.
The pastilles are packed in a handy hexagonal disc, which is made with plant-based plastic.
The package has two opening mechanisms for using by yourself and for sharing.
You can easily take one pastille out at a time or share it with others.
The small package is planned to last and it's easy to carry with you in your pocket or bag.
How do you feel about this?
It looks like a snooze box, I think.
It's also a shape that you can't conveniently have it in your pocket or your bag.
And I think I'm also not convinced with the tab here.
I don't think it will give you one at a time.
It'll give you multiple.
It doesn't work as well as the mint and chip.
I also think it's very similar to the snooze box discs.
And here we have a 3D printed prototype.
It's been handled so much that it probably won't stay.
Can we try this?
No, this is not for tasting.
This is just for handling.
This feels like these will definitely get sticky after you open it once if there's a bit more moisture.
I wouldn't want it to have the two different tabs.
Because I feel like the bigger tab will open accidentally and then it'll all spill out.
That is a good point, because if I, for example, don't see it, if I'm in the dark, I might have restricted vision, I wouldn't be able to see which one I'm opening and then I wouldn't know how that would work.
Yes, I feel like it would easily open up the whole thing.
I also think because it has the bigger tab, if it's intended for it to be used for sharing, but I think that's also not any handier because then they have to stick their fingers in and touch all of the pastilles.
But you could just open the small tab and pour it into their hand.
OK,.
So you get an unhygienic feeling of that.
But the small tab is also that it gets stuck with multiple pastilles and then you can't get any of them out.
Yeah, neither of them is good.
The other one is too, both are the wrong size.
And again, it does look like this sort of a, they're trying to court the youth vote here with the box that looks like a snooze box or something like that.
One of them mentioned, I think QuickMint mentioned the thing that you would want it to be discreet.
With this box, I would definitely feel embarrassed taking it out because I would have to explain to people this is not a snooze box.
Okay, so you wouldn't get the clean social feeling with that.
And it also says that the box is made to last.
But like we talked about earlier, some people might hold their plastic boxes for a long time, but I think for most of us, the cardboard box will last just long enough, because it goes in a few days.
It would be nice to use this for other purposes.
For example, I could use this as a medicine box, for example.
But otherwise, this is completely unnecessary trash to have it be just used once for the pastilles and then thrown out.
And I would definitely, if you're looking for the discreet pastilles, I think that would be a very noticeable shape for the box.
And then what about the gentleman at the end?
I don't consider that a problem.
I think that it's pretty much fine.
But if I look at...
I don't think it needs to have both of the top mechanisms.
I would prefer to have just the smaller one.
And I do like, I like the colors, I like purple and violet, and whatever the color is here is pretty good.
And if I was going to the grocery store to buy pastilles, this would probably catch my eye pretty easily.
Okay, so I feel like, and if someone were to ask me, if someone were to ask me, is that a snooze box, then that would at least be a good icebreaker.
That would start the conversation.
And if you imagine that it worked properly, then Oliver, you're nodding as well.
Yes, I think that's a pretty cute package.
I'm not sure if it's very functional though.
But it at least stands out from the other pastille packages.
So I like it in that regard, but I'm also a little bit thinking about the plastic.
I think it could be a little bit thicker plastic.
Could you, for example, sell refillable packs for this?
But then, of course, you would probably have to start washing the box if you're using it for multiple things.
Who thinks this kind of refill package could be interesting for this?
No, not really.
Yes, if they sold these sorts of mints in the refillable packages and then poured them in here, I probably wouldn't have the patience to do that.
But if you were talking about environmental friendliness, then that could be better.
But then, of course, depending on the package of what the refill packages are made with, if they're also plastic, then that's also more.
plastic waste.
If I'm talking about, for example, the PES dispensers, if you remember those from the 90s, refilling those was very fun.
But if I need to refill this and it's from the small box, then that's just annoying.
Oliver, you said that this was cute.
What do you think about the appearance otherwise, if you just saw this?
If you don't need to think about the environmental friendliness.
I think it's nice looking.
It looks just fine.
It looks nicer than the classic cardboard box, but otherwise I don't prefer it.
Because what would be most annoying is the same that it doesn't open perfectly.
And if I open it so that the labels on top start sort of rip open or they start standing, peeling off, that's annoying.
I would say the same thing that if the, if for example, if you, if opening it tears off the label and it gets stuck in between the hinges, then that's also annoying when it doesn't close properly because of that.
Okay.
And I think we had quick mint next.
For this, we don't have a prototype 3D print for it.
Instead, we just have a picture.
And here we have a hexagonal disc shaped package made from again, plant based plastic.
And it has this dispenser that can easily give you.
one pastille at a time wherever you are.
So the quick mint was the one where you can quickly and discreetly grab one on the go wherever you are.
And it's hexagonal.
No, I see the sixth angle is the dispenser.
And when you click on the side, then it opened up a little hatch on the other side and then you can get out.
With this coloration, it makes me think of an asthma inhaler.
Oh yes, actually, I agree with that entirely.
And of course, this could be...
I'll show you later what it would look like with branding on it.
I think if it actually works so that it always gives you reliably just one at a time, that would be very convenient.
I think so as well, that if you can quickly and discreetly get one out, that's good.
Or you can also quickly and hygienically share it with others.
Of course, if the clicking mechanism is very loud, then that's not discreet.
Like the chip mint, for example, it's very loud.
I was also thinking about that, that if it's a very new type of package, does that also increase the price a lot?
And I don't see those on the market too many, too much.
It tends to just be the...
because this is unique, then they need to make it on their own.
And if it might have any small sort of manufacturing error, might make it so that the dispenser doesn't work reliably anymore, then the whole point is ruined.
So it has to be...
I think at least in this picture it looks very compact, so it's exactly the size of the pastille.
So if the pastille gets a little bit stuck or the dispenser doesn't move properly, then it wouldn't work well.
And now if we assume that it works very reliably, who thinks this is interesting?
I wouldn't pay more for it.
Yeah, I don't think we need a mechanism separately for it.
I already like just the traditional where you can pour them onto the lid in the cardboard box, and then you can pick them out of the lid and then close it back again.
I think younger children might enjoy this quite a lot.
Specifically, if it's not too much more expensive, then I could buy this.
I was wondering how easily it clicks open and closed.
If it's in your bag and you bump into something, does it accidentally open and spill everywhere?
And how sturdy is it?
And also, how big is it?
How many clicks of pastilles do you have in there?
And if you have some sort of mechanism like this, then this could have maybe some sort of refill.
Yes, because it's a special package.
If it's just a normal package like we saw earlier, I'm sure you can find more fancier designs if you really want a refillable package, but this could be something that could be used with that.
But I feel like a simple design is still the best.
It seems convenient, but it's very ugly in my opinion.
It looks like a medication dozer.
Okay, then I will show you...
The last one would have been the third one, which would be the long extreme fresh.
That would have a similar basic box like this, the hexagonal with the tabs.
I will next show you what these would look like with branding.
And these aren't final either.
So the final appearance would probably change either way.
I think clean feel was the one we had first.
I will give these out to you.
So take a look at these with the branding on them.
See if your impression of the product changes.
It's a little bit cuter like this.
Yes, I like the diamond feel on it.
Anything else?
pre-cut so that it doesn't get stuck on the edges.
And we can see on the image as well that it doesn't have those cuts in it to make sure that it cleanly rises with the lid.
Okay, so that's a good product development comment then.
You would like the label to be pre-cut according to the tabs.
Okay, but why are the pastilles round here?
Oh, that's true.
But the package is hexagonal, but the pastille is round.
Right, you would want them to be hexagonal.
Yes, I think that was the whole point here.
Do you think the point is wasted that it could then be a round pastille if the pastille is round, round box if the pastille is round?
Yes, and I'm thinking about how the clean feel...
Have the clean feel, because in Finland, minten is a very well-established brand.
So I was thinking about, could this be a diamond?
The minten doesn't really make me think of the diamond.
I think it would be more logical if the pest seal had the same shape as the box.
What about the clean feel?
It mentions here that it keeps your mouth clean and fresh and it would become in this sort of diamond presentation.
Does the idea and the package match each other?
Yes, I think the appearance feels fresh.
I think very remotely it could remind me of some sort of a tooth floss jar for example.
But otherwise I don't think it does anything special here.
The package itself doesn't really blow my mind, but the coloration is good.
Do you think this is suitable for Menthon?
Yes, yes, yes.
It works into their color schemes and so on.
I always think blue when I think of Menthon.
So this is maybe a little bit new color scheme for them in my opinion.
But I think it works well.
I do like purple and that kind of coloration.
And it looks fresh, certainly.
It can base that feeling.
And we can definitely see how the brand affects me because as soon as I see the Menthon brand on this, I immediately decided that I do want to buy it.
And blue also means cold and fresh.
It's this sort of fresh diamond freshness.
So you seem pretty positive.
Who would buy this?
I would try it.
I would definitely want to try it.
Then we'll take up the next one.
This one we don't have the prototype, but this is the one with the clicking dispenser.
And tell me what do you think about them?
Is this better?
Well, it doesn't make me think of an asthma inhaler anymore, so it's better.
Okay, so it's more the coloration.
Yeah, the red with the blue seemed more medical.
I'm not sure about if it's because of the picture, but it looks a lot thicker here.
It looks a lot thicker than the previous one, especially in the middle picture.
I'm not sure if that was just because of the clicking mechanism that it needs to be thicker so it actually has space for it.
The pastilles come out of this side, so this is intended for right-handed people, I think.
But can you just not turn it around?
But then you don't have the logo towards you?
Yes, I'm wondering about, I think I would want to have it the other way around.
I'm not sure if it would work.
Are you left-handed yourself?
No, no, no.
But do you think it's important?
Well, I have a lot of people around me who are left-handed and I know their pain for, okay, everything is designed for right-handed people.
But is it possible that, could you just turn that around?
Well, if I'm taking something for myself and it's dispensed towards me, but then if you turn it this way for the left-handed, then it's dispensed in the other direction, it's dispensed.
away from you, and you don't see.
Okay, I see what you mean.
If it just fell into the same direction as the way it opens on the dispenser side, that would be more logical.
Or you can just shoot it directly into your mouth.
So does the tray seem odd to you?
I think it would be better for it to just shoot it, just like drop it out of it and there's no lip on the other side.
I'm also worried that it'll get stuck and then once it gets stuck in the hole, then the dispenser doesn't work anymore.
I would also assume that this comes directly from the inside.
But I think it's too much.
I don't think the mechanism helps me in terms of, like, basic use.
I'm sorry for bringing up more associations, but now this makes me think of a measuring tape in terms of the shape.
Does anyone think this is good?
I think it's fun.
I think it's fun, but there's been good comments that you would have to make sure that it dispenses directly from that because then it would also make it quicker that I can just dispense it directly into my mouth, for example.
And the hexagonal basil is annoying to me because I feel like it will get stuck in the mechanism.
If it doesn't go in exactly the right way.
Okay, so the dispenser is good, but you would want it to be completely foolproof and reliable, so you can dispense it into the mouth while you're running around outside.
Yeah, and you would have to be able to advertise it so that it works and goes directly into your mouth regardless.
You can actually look at some other choices afterwards.
But I would say that if I am on the go, I would quite often, if I am...
I would want it to be basically, if I'm on the go, I want it to dispense it in one motion and avoid having all of them in my pocket.
What about Oliver?
Is this cute also?
It has nice colors.
It's a lot better as soon as you get colors, right?
Okay, then I'll show you the last one.
This is the same one as earlier.
So this is the hexagon with the tabs on it.
So you'll probably have the same pain points as before, where you would want to have the labels pre-cut according to the tabs.
So this is the long extreme fresh again in this Minton branding.
I think the dark blue gives it a little bit more of this sort of intense flavor that it conveys here.
But I think I prefer the eye coloration of the other ones more.
I think this looks cheaper than the other ones.
I don't like the dark blue.
I think also this reminds me more of a box for a mouth guard, for example.
Some sort of children's sandbox toys.
Okay, so you don't like the color?
Should it be a different color?
If it was a different color, would you like it more?
It's difficult to say, I can't imagine it.
It has to be some sort of blue, but I think this is the specific shade.
Do you think this Long Extreme Fresh works for Menthol?
Do you think if it was a better color, do you think it would be a suitable product for Menthol?
I would change the color to be a similar color as the Pastille, so it's a blue base and then more white highlights.
And you could maybe also add the shape of the Pastille on the bottom as well.
It's just this very Finnish...
This is our pastel.
We're far behind on schedule, but again, let's put these three concepts up on the board.
And we have the quick mint, clean feel, and the long extreme fresh.
We'll start with the clean feel.
We'll have a show of hands.
Just think about the whole concept along with the package, the whole total concept.
Who has clean feel as their favorites?
One, two.
Maybe me as well.
You can change your opinion as well.
So three.
Then quick mint.
Whose favorite was quick mint?
Three.
Four.
And then the long extreme should be one.
Right, there we go.
Just quickly, a clean feel.
What convinced you to have it be your favorite?
Just a few words of comments.
What was the best about it?
The long-lasting freshness.
Some of the others mentioned as well.
Long extreme mentioned long-lasting freshness as well.
But this also emphasized that it has dental health care and the freshness after.
Brushing your teeth.
Okay, so the dental aspect also helped.
And the cleanliness, yes.
For me, it was this sort of overall impression that if one of them is very long lasting and the other is very short, this is the nicest package and a nice compromise between the other two.
So I felt like this would be best for me.
It's a good looking package and that's a good bonus.
And was the dental health care involved in that?
That was a bonus too, yes.
I think the breath freshening and other basic features that I'm already looking for in the menthol pastilles, all of those are there.
And then it also has a stylish package.
So it really caught my eye.
And then Oliver?
Yeah, the package and the xylitol.
And the appearance is nice.
Those of you who chose Quick Mint, give me a short summary of why.
I'm sure you've said it many times, but what was the best about Quick Mint?
You can chew it if you want to, and the idea of the package that if it doesn't have the lid on the back, if you can just reliably and quickly dispense one, that would be great.
Exact same for me.
Agreed.
Yeah, I think it would be very useful for my needs.
And I think it's also something that if you can dispense it easily on the go, that's very helpful as well.
Then Longstream was yours.
I was between Longstream and Cleanfeel.
stream and a clean feel, and I think a clean feel is promising a little bit too much, and I feel like if I had to choose two, I would want to have just a long extreme fresh, because it's basically the same thing in the same package.
Clean feel would be the zillitol aspect that would be helpful, but quick mint I was not convinced about.
If I'm imagining, for example, sitting in the movie theater, I'm having candy, and then I want to have a pastel afterwards, I can't imagine using that hexagonal dispenser in the dark, for example.
Or if I'm holding a child or I'm otherwise occupied and I need to get them into my mouth, that might be helpful if the dispenser actually works, but I'm between clean feel and long extreme.
Okay, great.
Then I will quickly go behind the glass and in the meantime read this concept.
This is triple freshness.
Oh, wow.
That looks very, very pretty.
I was wondering why the border here is yellow compared to the other ones.
This sort of very much stands out.
If you forget about the packages, and I will ask you, if you could choose, if you just had one type of pastille in the world, and it was either one that would give you a comprehensive clean feeling, or it was one that was quick and easy and convenient for on-the-go enjoyment, or if it was this kind of long-lasting effect.
If you could choose just one of those, and it might not be any one of these, it would just be some pastille with one of those features.
You could choose just one.
Which one would you choose?
The first one.
The clean and freshness.
Why is that?
You don't need to give me a long essay, but just because.
You didn't go for the clean feel.
I was flip-flopping between the clean feel as well, but I think from a different perspective I was thinking about which I would pick out of those three options.
But if I had just one set of pastels in the world that I would have to eat for the rest of my life, then I can't really explain it in any more detail, but maybe that would be the most helpful.
Okay, that's better.
If you had just one, which feature would it have?
The clean feeling?
Because I feel like it also adds to the freshness, and that's something that's important.
Because the clean feeling helps me feel fresh, and when you have a fresh feeling from the pastille, you also feel clean.
It supports each other.
If we had just one, I would also pick the clean feel, because the quick mint I was imagining for a situation where I'm in a hurry, but again, I might also have another box of pastilles I would have when I'm not in a hurry, and that would be the clean feel probably.
So I would probably choose that if that was the only choice, or if I only had one.
Okay.
I would also lean on the clean feel, because it's a good compromise between the two extremes there, and it sounds sensible.
I think very rationally, I think.
Because it has everything that I need out of a pastille.
Okay.
I was also thinking about the long extreme, because I think I would want the.
Long-lasting effect.
We swapped ours.
So why is the long-lasting effect important?
I also can't justify it any further.
It's a good thing that it lasts long.
I'm still on the quick mint side.
I wouldn't want it to be this sort of huge flavor bomb or freshness bomb, and I don't believe there's anything that truly lasts for a long time in my mouth.
And I would assume that it would have some level of freshness and it would last for one minute.
Okay, so you just want it quickly and easily.
Yeah, I don't want to shovel it in by the mouthful.
I just want it to be a quick fix that I can like to chew on it very quickly and then it's done.
Okay, great.
I also think the quick and easy is best.
I'm happy to have my mind blown by the flavor because I'm working and then once I first get the feeling that, okay, my mouth is fresh now, then I can just focus on the work when my mouth continues to feel fresh.
I would take the clean feel.
I think out of these, if you had just one of them.
And why is that?
I think, like the previous speaker said, that the cleanliness and freshness come sort of hand in hand.
They support each other.
And the dental health care is a bonus as well, if that was the only pastille that we have.
Okay, great.
I will show you a few packages.
We don't have a lot of time to look at them in too much detail, but some of these are ones that are available in Finland, such as the Menton achievement, which you have mentioned a lot.
Fisherman's Friend, I'm sure you're familiar with.
Tic Tac, those are probably familiar.
This is the cardboard fix that you talked about.
And then we have a few other ones.
We have an Ice Breakers, which has a pretty similar lid.
You can pass these around.
Ice Breakers and Mentos.
The other one is opened, the other one is not.
And the same with Smint.
And again, one of them is opened, the other is closed.
Then we have Frisk.
Gentleman, please accept the Frisk.
One of them is opened, the other is not.
You don't need to open them, but you can just take a look at them and see how it feels and imagine how it opens.

Niin, mikä houkuttelee enemmän?
Tää oli haaste jotenkin.
I think this was a fun to puzzle out how it opens.
I think the Mentos is very nice because you can put it into your coat inner pockets, inside pockets.
You can feel it anywhere.
I think this is one where you push down on it, and then it dispenses one.
I think you also had one open frisk, you can check it out with that one.
And did we have a smint here as well?
That was opened, that has a dispenser.
I think icebreaker is, I believe that's, icebreaker definitely does look like a snooze box to me.
My sister is very familiar with the product as well.
And also opening that kind of product, I've chipped a nail more than once opening that kind of box.
The round ones also remind me of chewing, the kind of round chewing gum tins and snooze as well.
And there is certainly, especially with the younger generation, there's having a snooze box in your pocket is certainly a fashion thing as well.
So that might be attractive to a certain demographic.
And this definitely, as the red shinier box definitely looks like it's courting the candy or sweet demographic as well.
Okay, and earlier when you decided on a favorite from these concepts.
Oh, that reminds me also the triple freshness.
What did you think about the triple freshness?
It's a very nice looking package.
The package looks the best so far.
What do you think about the promise or the concept?
I think it's the best so far.
Tätä niin kuin olettais vähän kaikilta...
I think it looked like something that...
I think I would expect these features to exist in all of the other ones that already say they're freshness.
If it says that it acts immediately and lasts longer, but this is kind of the same thing, but just said in more words.
Okay, so you don't find it credible?
Or not that I'm not credible, but it sounds like a normal product, just marketed more strongly.
It doesn't really have anything special.
I think it's good when it has this sort of a...
It describes its three-dimensionality, it has the Father, Son and the Holy Ghost in it.
Okay, so if I asked you to rank your favorites again, would triple freshness be anyone's favorite?
Yes.
Okay, let's switch the matter around a little bit.
Sorry, I was supposed to ask it earlier, but I was getting very lost.
The script was rewritten a little bit.
So, the triple freshness?
Triple freshness.
I can definitely show a notice in this box that the mints get stuck in the dispenser mechanism easily.
And we had four of the triple freshness favorites.
So, is this the number one then, if we move a few of these from quick mint to triple freshness?
I will also move to triple freshness.
So, then we have five, then it's a clear favorite.
I will stay my old choice.
I will stubbornly stay.
Oliver, you said that this had the Father, Son, and the Holy Ghost, so it's got.
everything possible in it.
I think it looks a bit like a compromise.
I think the previous one, it was a good compromise.
This is a different compromise.
And I like the package because it has this sort of Siberian camouflage print on it.
And I don't know if this looks very good for the seals.
It doesn't really offer anything new necessarily.
It does have a seal at all and it has a lot of good things about it.
So I was wondering also if it would just end up being a basic pass seal, but it's just promising the world.
And of course, it promises triple freshness, but compared to what?
Okay, just a few more questions before I let you go home.
Out of these packages down on the table, for the favorites, whichever one you chose, out of these packages, is there any specific package that you would prefer to see your favorite in?
The Vicks Blue, the cardboard one?
If I had this in my pocket, I would be playing around with it and then everything would be in my pocket, but that's my problem.
But it could also be a fun fidget toy.
Does everyone think the Vicks Blue would be the best or does anyone have a different favorite?
I have this one.
And you would pick Mentos.
I would also pick Mentos.
What is good about the Mentos?
The Mentos is a very convenient size.
You can fit it in a very small pocket.
Even in women's pockets, you could fit this in.
But you're saying it's difficult to open?
Yes, it's pretty difficult to open.
It also has a small groove on the opening that easily gets the pastilles stuck in it.
And you also like the dispenser on the Vicks Blue as well.
Okay, and I will give you forms.
Just as a last exercise, I will first show you these different menton boxes.
Here we have these that we have been talking about the whole evening.
It just has some branding on it.
Then we have a version with a menton similar to chewing gum packets, just a flat one.
And you might have them, for example, in some chewing gum, you can just.
Pop them out one at a time.
Then we have a new one that is a very prototype but it's cardboard and it has this kind of mechanism.
You tear it open and then you can push it open and then you can access the compartments.
So just verbally out of those.
I would be willing to try this cardboard one.
It looks interesting.
Why is that?
I don't know if it would open up easily but if it stays closed properly then it looks good.
And it being cardboard is good.
Does everyone believe that this would work properly?
I think it could.
And if at some point it doesn't work then you can buy a new one and it's easy to replace.
And you can easily open it also.
if it doesn't work.
With a plastic one, if it gets stuck, then it's difficult to access the main compartment because you can't break the plastic.
And I feel like if it's robust enough that it doesn't go flat.
And many of you also chose the Vicks Blue, which is also cardboard.
Which one would be better?
The classic Vicks Blue flip-up cap or?
That also depends on the price because there's different shapes there.
I feel like this one is more cost-effective.
Okay.
Because when this little tab appeared on these, it was very convenient.
What about these?
Did anyone prefer these?
And we are over time and I give you the last exercise and then we can go.
Kun avataan sipotimipurkka, niin yksi tässä painoisen banaanin ehkä jo tuhansit päässäni käsillä on roskaa.
Mutta tämmöisenä, kun kerran avaan, niin kauan teillä on.
Ymmärrän.
Now I will give you these forms, and you've seen all of these different package options.
So just first of all, tell me which of these packages is your favorite, and just very quick justifications.
And on the bottom you have the numbers, and some of them have the branding covered.
If not, feel free to ask and I will clarify.
But on the bottom, the A is the icebreaker, the snooze box, and B is the rema.
C I think is the Mentos.
D is Tic Tac.
The Tic Tac E is Smint and K is the Vicks Blue.
L was the Frisk and Fisherman's Friend was M.
So choose which packages you preferred and give me just a few words of comments on them so that we have them on the forms if not on the recorders.
Feel free to fill those out while I step back here.
Once you're done with the forms, then we are done.
I apologize for the overtime, but you were an active group, so it's your own fault.
And should I leave the forms here?
And you're free to leave.
Oh, I will also give you your gift cards.
I should probably give you that.
Before you cruise out.
You have all the time you need.
I just don't want to hold you here if you need to go.
Thank you very much for participating.
The package is so nice.
Can I actually try these?
These are Norwegian, at least these ones.
So I'll be going to Norway in December so I can try them there.
Onks usein sellaisia, että on niin ujossa kiinni, että ei voi keskustella?
Joskus on ollut, mutta harvemmin.
Mutta se on hyvä, että nämä ollaan kysyttyä, kun on valmis puhumaan.
Niin.
Sitten ei voi sitä niin paljon.
Joskus kannattaa käydä niin, että joku saattaa ehkä jäädä joukkoihin, jos on hirveä monta.
Sitten siinä on myös hyvä olla moderata.
Hei!
Onko?
Onko?
Hei, kiva, kiva.
Onko?

