Welkom bij de avond.
Is iemand hier voor de eerste keer?
Ben je hier voor de eerste keer?
Oké.
Leuk je te hebben.
Welkom.
Mijn naam is Marleen en ik ben vanavond je specialist.
Ik ben net aan het opzetten.
Ik zal deze discussie opnemen met een paar verschillende apparaten.
Ik heb deze oude handhouder.
Alle andere zijn gebroken, maar dit is degene die al veel jaren heeft geduurd.
Dan zal ik ook de video opnemen.
En dit grote Jabra-apparaat op de tafel is onze microfoon.
En dan achter het één-weg glas hebben we ook een paar vertegenwoordigers die onze discussie volgen.
Maar ze zijn gewoon een deel van het project.
Er zijn geen andere derde partijen voor.
And first of all, I can take the forms from you.
I will place them to the side because everyone who participates here, you can participate anonymously, so I also don't want to know your full names.
So I will not look at these as I put them away and I will let you introduce yourself soon to give me your first name, but it can also be any other name because you can use whatever name you want.
You can use an alias.
We won't be looking at them afterwards.
But the names are just so that if I need to ask someone specific, then I know how to refer to you.
There are no right or wrong answers tonight and you don't need to agree with everyone else.
We're not looking for any kind of consensus.
Just your own opinions are important.
And.
If someone is speaking too much, then I will try to slow you down a little bit because we have two hours to discuss quite a lot of things.
So I just want everyone to have a bit of time to say what they want so that everyone has that feeling afterwards.
And also if everyone is speaking at the same time, the recording gets very difficult.
So let's try to speak one at a time.
So we'll take a few rounds first around the table, but afterwards it will be just freeform.
You don't need to ask for the floor or anything.
You can just speak when you need to.
And you don't need to speak all the time either.
You can just say you agree with someone else if you do.
You don't need to repeat everything.
Any questions at this point?
No?
Great.
Then we will move on and let's take a first round about the tables.
Give me your first name.
What kind of household do you live in?
Cats or dogs?
What do you do in the daytime?
You don't need to tell me your profession if you don't want, but what do you like to do?
Let's start on this side of the table.
Tommy is my name.
And then?
I'm Vasa.
I study at the university.
I live by myself.
And then?
My name is Anni.
I live with a cat and I am a nurse working with seniors.
My name is Edvard.
I live by myself right now and I like going to concerts and traveling.
Is it with a W?
It's with a W, yes.
My name is Tahi and I'm studying with the educational sciences and I live with my partner.
Ik woon samen met mijn partner.
Mijn naam is Hanna.
Ik woon alleen met mijn tiener.
Ik woon met mijn tiener zoon en een chihuahua en ik ben werkende.
Mijn naam is Aura.
Er zijn drie mensen in het huis met mijn tienerhuis en haar vader.
En ook als financiële secretaris.
Mijn naam is Sami.
We wonen in een drie-persoon huishouden en in fulltime employment.
We hebben gewoon een driejarige.
Mijn naam is Marlin en ik ben specialist hier bij Inspyrans.
Ik stel vanavond veel vragen aan jullie.
Eerst al, vertel me een beetje over wat je meestal gebruikt als product als je je zin wil verfrissen.
it's mostly just to freshen the breath.
And is it a specific reason why you want to freshen your breath when you're out and about?
Mostly if I just had a meal and then I want to freshen up after that.
Well also if I want to go to a date then I tend to buy some sort of breath freshening pastel but I need to agree also that I don't chew chewing gum anymore after I heard that it contains plastic.
That's when I stopped having chewing gum.
Sometimes I do take chewing gum but it tends to be xylitol chewing gum specifically.
And why xylitol?
Just because I believe that it does stop dental erosion.
It stops acid erosion and I have to say that sometimes if I've been out drinking in the bar, then it tends to also help freshen my breath after a long night of drinking.
Okay, but that's not an everyday thing, at least hopefully.
No, at least not necessarily.
Okay, stops the alcohol breath.
I also smoke, so sometimes after smoking I also use breath freshening mints, but not always, but if I'm going to a situation after that.
What kind of situation?
Well, for example, if I'm going to work right after or some sort of more official meeting or I'm meeting someone who I know doesn't like the smell of tobacco, then I freshen my breath.
Ja, als ik naar buiten ga om iemand te ontmoeten, dan gebruik ik meestal mijn adem ook te vernieuwen.
Oké.
Zijn er nog andere individuele situaties die voor je geschikt kunnen zijn?
Voor sommigen kan het zijn dat je nu en dan een pastil neemt, of na een droge mout of na het roken.
Zijn er nog andere situaties waarin je je adem wilt vernieuwen?
Als ik ook met de fluëntie ben, dan gebruik ik de sterke pastils als ik een zachte throop heb of een kof heb.
Of als ik me stoffig voel, dan kan het de luchtopeningen openen en de neus ook openen.
Ja.
Groot.
What is the reason you want to do that?
So that I don't have a bad odor of my breath.
I'm always sort of uncertain, which I'm sure happens to other people, that when you notice that someone else has bad breath, then you get suspicious of, do I also have a bad breath?
Is that a shared motive for all of you?
I'm not worried about it.
I don't care if my breath smells, but I just do it for my own sort of pleasure.
Can you describe what that means?
Well, it's kind of like having a candy, but it's a little bit better for you.
Okay, it's more healthy and it makes you feel fresher.
That's nice.
Okay, it makes you feel fresher.
Or if I've been eating something with a very strong flavor, then I might want that to mask the flavor afterwards.
So quite a lot of different reasons for freshening products now.
Is there any one of these that feels like the most common one?
Well, going to date, you're probably not going to a date every day, but maybe.
And are these ones where if you leave your home, then it's either basil or chewing gum, depending on you.
You don't use mouthwash or sprays or other products like that?
No?
Yes, that would be a much worse problem with bad breath at that point.
I would want to go to a dentist if it goes against that point.
Yes, and I feel like with the mouthwash, that feels like something that the older generation maybe would use.
I haven't heard anyone my age of using mouthwash, but that was maybe a stylistic choice, a fashion choice at that time.
Do you feel a little bit odd that if someone's walking out on the streets and then using mouthwash or a spray there?
No, but I also haven't seen them a lot.
Is there any situation where you don't want to use freshening products, where you don't want to use pastilles?
Any obstacles?
If I'm talking, for example, because then some people can feel that it's weird or impolite that they're chewing on gum while speaking or chewing on a pastille.
Right, you don't want to be making the noise.
Okay, any other situations, any other obstacles?
Syödä pastilleja.
Toki voi olla, että treenaata harrastaa.
Any other situations that stop you from consuming unlimited amounts?
It also tends to cause a stomach ache if you have too much at once.
And also the roof of the mouth suffers a little bit if you suck on them too much.
Okay, and is there anything about these kind of breath fresheners that constantly sort of disappoints you, that you're always disappointed in some sort of problem that you run into?
flavors or fresheners that bothers you?
Well, maybe something that if I try a new flavor and it's a real disappointment, that's of course, or there's some sort of aftertaste.
I can also be disappointed if I don't read the ingredients too much.
I see that it's got the acetames and aspartates and all the chemicals that I try to avoid.
Yes, I agree with that.
I try to avoid the flavoring agents and so on.
Is there any brand that you usually use?
The menthol citrus?
Getting a noise here from somewhere online.
I'm not sure.
I think it's got good flavor and the consistency is also good.
And it should have an effect that lasts as long as I want it to.
That should have an appropriate duration.
Okay?
And then I like the mint and extra strong ones.
Those are the smooth ones?
Yes, I think so.
And when it's strong enough, then I don't end up needing to eat as many.
Do you feel like it lasts longer if it's stronger?
Yes, that's good.
And then I feel that it's enough when I have just one.
Right.
And if they were...
It also stops you from having too many, I see.
Anyone else?
Any specific product you use?
Does it vary?
I think that's the same as the previous speaker.
It's pretty much a classic.
What is better about it?
It feels like it's something that's always been in the stores.
It's a pretty old product, I would assume.
Right, it's a pretty guaranteed safe choice.
Anyone else?
Any other favorites?
I prefer the sweeter ones like Lacarol or I like sugary stuff.
For me, if it's too strong of a flavor, then it's too much.
Unless I'm using it to open up the airways during a flu.
But I would prefer to have it be more mild and sweet.
Anyone else feel like that?
Yes?
Yes.
I have to say that it depends for me.
And if you think about a situation where you're going out to meet someone, not necessarily for a date, but you feel like you want to freshen your breath, what is a common situation for that?
Is it that you're with a friend or with colleagues?
What is a situation where you want to freshen your breath?
It depends.
Okay.
I'm also going to dig down a bit deeper.
The fact that you want to have a pasil or freshen your breath, is that something that you feel okay about?
Are you embarrassed about it?
Is it just totally normal?
It's just normal.
Yes.
Oké.
Iets waar je je ook van opvalt.
Niet dat je je voelt.
Vooral vervelend.
Nee, niet echt.
Oké.
Als je denkt over een situatie waarin je van pastilles of chewing gum houdt, wat moet het product je op dat moment geven?
Wat moet het doen?
Wat zoek je in het product als je het leuk vindt?
Als je bijvoorbeeld uit eten bent met veel garlic en dan uitgaat om iemand anders te ontmoeten, wat moet de pastille voor je doen?
Tenminste, wat is het minimale effect?
että se ainakin olisi suht ruokolta tämän neutraalimaistoon.
Terveellisesti näkyny, että tämä on kulmalloisella pientä vaan...
And it's something very small, and it's easy to carry with you to get that feeling as well.
So I don't need to carry a smoothie to refresh myself.
Right, and then, so then what that means for the package is that it should be very small and easy to carry.
Yes, and for example I want to have someone in the car and then easily have that accessible.
Okay, and we talked a little bit about this, but what do you want to feel when you enjoy a pastille, when you pop it in your mouth?
That it's strong enough.
If you do have some sort of freshening effect, do you get more confident?
No, not for me.
Not for you either?
Someone said yes.
Yes, same for me.
And also if I'm going to meet someone, then I can sort of focus on it.
It helps me focus when I'm chewing on something, for example.
And I do have to say that I've spent a lot of time going on dates recently, but when I'm brushing my teeth at home and then leaving and taking a pastille afterwards, that's sort of a double guarantee.
And I also try to avoid eating onions and garlic and whatever.
So that's why it gives me the confidence because I have this sort of double guarantee that I have fresh breath.
Does anyone else feel that way?
That it still has this sort of confidence effect?
No?
I'm more neutral on it.
I think yes, for me.
But some of you said that it gives you this sort of focus and sense of control.
Does.
Anyone else feel like that?
There's a bit of that, yes.
Okay, great.
So what does that pastille or product, what does it need to actually do?
What needs to happen for you to see that it's doing something?
I think, again, getting that sort of a juicy or fresh feeling in your mouth and then also having it feel healthy.
How do you feel?
What do you mean by healthier?
Is it just healthier than candy?
Yes, I want to look at the product to find out that it's a little bit better for me than candy.
I don't just have it just because it's a pastille and assume it's healthy.
I will also look at it.
But if it's for example much sweeter, then I will assume that it's less healthy.
But that's a bigger threshold for me to choose it.
Anything else?
Well, also for example if I don't have water on me and I want something to freshen up, then I will try to have a pastel.
Or if I'm driving or I'm in a car, I might want to have that as an easy option.
Okay, anyone else?
Where do you get the feeling or what does the product have to do for you to feel that it's doing something?
I also like the menthol mints.
I'm not sure if it's the menthol that then sort of tricks me into feeling fresher, but that's what it is.
Right and freshening also, that it gives you the fresher feeling in your mouth, and I feel like I have, it's like the airflow to my lungs is better.
Okay, I see.
Very good.
Then next I will show you on the flipboard a few pairs of words, and I will give you, you don't need to think about these too carefully, we'll just go through these together, and you don't need to agree with people you're sitting next to.
So if you think about pastilles or freshening your breath, which one do you prefer?
For it to be a fast effect or a long-lasting effect?
Which one is more important to you?
That it's fast or long-lasting?
Long-lasting, long-lasting.
I'm somewhere in the middle.
Fast, I would say fast as well.
Okay, so those of you who said fast, why fast?
Probably just, when I have a pastille, I have a need for which I'm using it, and then I want that fulfilled.
Yes, and if I usually have a box of them with me, then I can also have multiple of them if they're quick.
And you said somewhere in between.
Yes, I like it to last a little bit longer.
Of course, it depends on how you define fast and long-lasting.
If long-lasting is 10 minutes, then it's...
But I would like it to be at least a few minutes.
What about those of you who said long-lasting?
Well, when they're long-lasting, you don't need to eat as many.
And the effect, do you mean how long the pastille lasts or how long the freshness lasts?
What about the dissolving?
Quick or slow dissolving?
Slow, slow, slow.
Somewhere in the middle.
No one wants it to be a quick dissolving one.
Okay, why is it better that it lasts a bit longer?
I wonder if it's better for it to be quick dissolving.
If it's slow, then I will end up just chewing on it and biting on it.
I don't have the patience to suck on it the whole way.
Okay, and what about big or small?
Small.
I would prefer big.
Of course,.
It depends on how big it is.
But I'm more interested in having a good effect.
And how small would be too small?
I think Tic Tacs are too small.
I don't enjoy those.
Yes, they're difficult to handle.
There's not really anything good about Tic Tacs.
So what would be an optimal size?
Maybe like a lacarole menthol flavor for example.
It's just kind of maybe one centimeter.
Then either sucking or biting or chewing.
Sucking, sucking, sucking.
I prefer to chew on them.
I'm also too often biting on them as well.
And what do you prefer?
Yes, with menthol I don't want to have a second one, but if I have more chewy pastilles, then that's what I tend to have.
Because they're pastilles, I still don't end up eating the whole box at once, but they're more fun to chew on.
Okay, then next.
Strong and intense or gentle and comfortable?
Some of you already said that you prefer one or the other, but if you had to choose between these two?
Depends on the flavor, what I would like.
I think I prefer for it to be something short-lived as well.
So this might depend on the product you're saying?
Yes, yes it is.
Dan next sweet or candy-like or natural and with a clean taste.
But natural and clean taste would be more of a sort of a classic mint flavor for example maybe.
In pastels.
I think natural.
Yes.
Because if it's sweet then I would just prefer to buy candy.
I think I'm on the same line there that if the...
I think the natural flavors are also better if it's for example made with a natural strawberry flavor that's good but...
Then next is visible or discreet and silent.
I also asked earlier and you said that you weren't particularly embarrassed about having pastels but is there is that anything that you ever consider?
Is dat iets dat je ooit overweegt?
Hoe lawaaierig of zichtbaar ze zijn?
Ik weet niet zeker wat het betekent om zichtbare pastilles te hebben, maar ben ik ze gewoon heel actief aan het opscheppen?
Ik denk niet dat dat een probleem is.
Ergens zou het zo moeten zijn, maar misschien zijn we in Finland zo gewend aan het feit dat het zo normaal is, dat het geen probleem is.
Ja, ik zie het probleem niet echt.
Dus je voelt je helemaal prima bij het hebben van pastilles?
Ja, misschien, en natuurlijk hangt het af van de situatie.
Als je ergens optreedt, sta je op een podium, dan is het een beetje onbeleefd om kauwgom te hebben.
Of als ik bijvoorbeeld in een bank was en ik herinner me dat ik een servicepersoon daar had die kauwgom kauwde, dan lijkt dat een beetje onbeleefd.
Ja sitten jos on vaan yksi paketti...
...
and then also, if I'm in a social situation, then I would want to also be able to share with others.
I want to have enough to share.
Okay, next choice is lower price with a few different choices.
Lower price versus more sustainable, more environmentally friendly.
And then lower price versus dental care benefits.
And lower price versus more premium feel.
So which one of these is...
but does price matter in any of these choices?
What would you be willing to pay more for?
I think maybe a little bit for the dental care and dental benefits.
If the package is also, it feels a bit more premium, like with ChicMint for example, it has this.
mechanism that you can easily open it.
If it actually raises the price a little bit, then that's fine.
So the usability is important.
Yes, I think the usability would be important that I can easily get a pastille out of the package.
Maybe the environmental friendliness is something that I would never buy the plastic package because it's so environmentally unfriendly.
Okay, so you prefer it to be environmentally friendly.
Any others?
Is anyone else willing to pay more for dental care?
Yes, yes, yes.
Okay, next is a cooling kick versus it being smooth and soothing and sort of a stable effect.
Maybe the more the smooth and soothing.
I like it having the kick.
Yes, me too.
Would you say that is the kick sort of ongoing or is it just front-loaded?
I think it would be fine if it's sort of continuous intensively as well.
You prefer the smooth and soothing?
Yes, I prefer to be more soothing and pleasant.
I think both of them could work, but I think the smooth, pleasantly neutral would be better overall.
Okay, then sugar or sugar-free?
Sugar-free?
Sugar-free without the aspartames and so on.
And so I would want it to either be xylitol or I forget what the other one is called or stevia, some sort of other substitute.
Okay, great.
Next, we will move on.
We gaan naar de volgende opdracht.
Dit is een fresh en clean feeling in je mouth, wherever you are.
...
voimakkasempi mentoli ja pitkäkestoisempi viilentäviin ainisosien tehostaa raikkaiden tunnetta entisestään.
Pastillissa on virkistävä minttuinen kokonaislavu.
Lisättynä ominaisuuteena pastillissa on erityisen karhea pintakuviointi, joka hellävaraisesti hieron auttaa suun ja kielen pudistuksessa vahvistaa puhtauden tunnetta.
No niin, mitäs täs tulla?
So, what do you think about this?
It has a lot of promises that it makes.
At the start it says that if you have a bad taste in your mouth, is that like an identifiable issue?
Do you recognize that need?
Yes, there is a bit of sort of embarrassment or shame if you have to be worried about your bad breath.
Yes, agreed.
That's something that happens if I'm waking up next to my partner in the morning and I have a bad taste in my mouth, then before I give them a kiss, I would like to pop a pastille in my mouth and be a bit fresher.
do you recognize that kind of need?
Do you ever have that?
Is this something that you would find important or relevant?
That if you have a clean feel in your mouth?
Yes, and if you, for example, if I'm brushing my teeth in the morning with an electric toothbrush, it makes you feel an entirely sort of comprehensively a clean feel in your mouth, and that feels really good.
So I think I get the same feeling from this that it could have the same effect.
Right, so it's sort of the same thing as brushing your teeth.
Do you think this is credible?
Believable?
En het zegt niet echt wat de verfrissende ingrediënten zijn, dat maakt het een beetje minder geloofwaardig.
Oké, dus je wilt weten wat erin zit.
Oké.
Iemand anders?
Zijn jullie...
Is dit een echte angst die mensen hebben dat ze rondlopen en andere mensen denken dat ze slechte adem hebben?
Omdat ik het gevoel heb dat de mensen die slechte adem hebben, zich meestal geen zorgen maken over slechte adem.
Zij zijn niet degenen die zich daar zorgen over maken.
Het is hetzelfde als de mensen die vitamines hebben, het zijn die soort middelbare dames die al goed af zijn, dus dit is een soort van, ik ben de doelgroep voor dit soort dingen.
Iemand anders?
Als dit je hetzelfde gevoel gaf als het hebben van je tanden gepoetst.
Wat vind je van de eerste paragraaf?
Laura gelooft er niet in, maar Sami, vond je het oké?
Sami, you felt it was okay and relevant to you?
I think it's a little bit exaggerated that they want to enjoy a comprehensive feel of freshness and cleanliness.
So having something sort of extra on top of the fresh breath, I think that's a little bit too big of an effect.
I think the comprehensive feel of cleanliness would require a little bit more for me than just a persil.
I would want to have a shower or something.
Yes, and I don't think one persil will make me feel like the bacteria is fleeing from my mouth.
Okay, then it also says, you mentioned silitol.
Is that something that seems relevant to you?
Yes, that's fine.
And how would you make this more convincing for you?
Less text?
Yes, the text is a bit long.
Okay, what are the most important points for you here?
De initiale problem beschrijven en hoe de pastille je een frisser gevoel geeft.
No, that is really sort of something that would have a really strong effect in your dishwasher.
Who enjoyed this?
No one really liked this?
Okay.
Yes, maybe somewhere in the middle.
Okay, we'll take the next one.
The next one will be called Long Extreme Fresh.
I think the clean feel makes me sound like it's a cleaning product, I think more like.
Okay, so the next one is Long Extreme Fresh.
Freshness you can feel instantly and for a long time.
Pastilli antaa sinulle välittömästi raikkaan hengityksen, jonka voit todella aistia samalla kun raikkauden tunne kestää pitkään.
Kätevän kokoisen ja kestävän pakkauksen ansiosta voit pitää pastilleja aina mukana, jotta voit tuntea olosi itsevarmaksi ja raikkaaksi missä tahansa.
Uusi hengityksen raikastus pastilli sisältää aktiivisia viihdettäviä ainesosia, jotka todella voit tuntea.
Näiden aktiivisten ainesosien ansiosta voit tuntea pirskahtelevia raikkauden purkauksia sussasi samalla kun voimakas mentoituvaa välittömän raikkauden tunteen.
Uusi kulmaisen puristepastillin hitaasti liukelevan rakenteen ansiosta raikkauden vaikutus on pitkäkestoinen pastilli sisältää virkistävä minttuinen kokonaismakku.
I think this was more relevant to me than the first one, like with the last paragraph.
It feels a little bit odd that you need to sort of squeeze it to get the effect out of it.
I think this stands out a little bit more than the first one.
This might be good.
I think I like this.
Okay, so what is relevant about this?
Well, the description of the effects.
Okay, so the bursts of freshness is what you're interested in, okay?
So you get the feeling that this would actually do something.
Yes, it seems like a good mouthfeel.
Okay, so you enjoyed that kind of kick.
And I think it also gives a clear promise of what it.
does, that it makes a clear pitch on the one thing that it does.
It doesn't try to make too many promises.
And it doesn't try to replace your toothbrush.
Does that seem credible, convincing?
I saw some of you being a bit amused, but again, you don't need to worry about this in terms of a Finnish text or a marketing text.
This was better?
Better?
Okay.
Could you make this more convincing somehow?
What would you add to this?
Add some kind of explanation?
I think it mentions the active ingredients, and I think the previous pastille already mentioned something, but if they are good and effective, then I would want to also know more about them.
Some people might be a little bit skeptical if you put too many ingredients listed on there, but I wouldn't put no more.
Eli tämä on hyvä.
But if this has some sort of incredible freshening effect, which one is more important?
Which one is more interesting to you?
If it's actually better, then the xylitol is less important.
If it is actually effective, then I don't care about...
If the xylitol can't produce the long extreme fresh effect, then I would assume that you have to put something stronger in here than xylitol.
Okay, so if it is actually this kind of burst of freshness in your mouth, then you don't want to have xylitol in it.
And of course, why not both?
I would prefer to have both.
If you had this kind of really fresh effect, would you prefer to have either the long freshness or the xylitol?
Who would prefer the...
en hoe we prefer the long freshness to be more interesting if you have to choose between them.
Twee of jullie?
En de rest van jullie willen liever zinethol?
Ja?
Als de zinethol gewoon een korte frisse periode had, zou je het nog steeds prefereren?
Het is omdat we in dit land al jaren gebrainwashed zijn dat zinethol erg belangrijk is en goed is, dat dit het resultaat is.
Oké, begrepen.
En waarom is de langdurige effect belangrijker voor jou?
Dan hoef ik er niet zo veel te hebben.
Denk je hetzelfde?
Ja, ik denk hetzelfde.
Ik denk dat ik zinethol van overal heb en ik breng mijn tanden.
Dus de pastil is niet het ding dat mijn dentalzorg maakt of breekt.
Mijn dentalzorg doet het goed, zelfs zonder het.
Ik kan dat eigenlijk ook met dat aangaan.
Oké, dus dan zou je misschien de langdurige frisseheid prefereren.
Oké, dus we zijn een beetje 50-50 aan dit.
Okay, great.
Sorry, I was just reading the name out loud.
Long, extreme, fresh.
Is it a good name?
It's a bit too long.
It's too long.
Yes, and the names also probably are not final product as well.
Next, we'll move on to the third concept, which will be Quick Mint.
And all of these are in English, but they're just works in progress.
They're just the working code names.
And I'll give you the next piece of text.
The next one is Quick Mint, the fastest and easiest solution for freshening your breath when you're on the go.
...
mutta eivät halua tehdä siihen suuntaan numeroa.
Kun huomaan paha-ajosin hengityksen tai epämielyttävän maun suussa, haluan saada nopeasti ja helposti raikkaan hengityksen.
Erityisesti sosiaalisissa tilanteissa en tunne olani mukavaksi pureskellessani purkkaa tai imeskellessäni pastillia useita minuutteja.
Kun haluan saada huomaamattomasti ja nopeasti raikkaan tunteen suuhuni, tämä pieni pastilli antaa välittömästi raikkaan hengityksen tyylikkäässä pakkauksessa, jota voi käyttää milloin vaan, missä tahansa, huomaamattomasti ja ilman kiusallisia hetkiä.
Kompakti pakkauskoko tekee siitä helpon kantaa mukana, jotta voit aina tuntea olosi itsevarmaksi ja raikkaaksi missä tahansa puletkin.
Esittelemme uuden tavallista pastillia pienemmän koulutuksen kulmaksen muodostetun puristempastillin, jonka nopeasti sulova rakenne antaa tehokkaan raikkauden kokemuksen välittömästi ilman tarvetta imeskellä pastillia pitkään.
Voi myös pureskella pastillia saadakseen välittömän tehoa.
Intensiivinen ja raikkaanen tunne saavutetaan vahvan menttollin raikastavalla vaikutuksella yhdistettynä viilentäviin ainesosiin, kuitenkin säilytetään pastillin mielentävä minttisen kokonaisuun.
Nyt pitäisi tästä...
Onko tämä...
How do you feel about this?
Can you identify with this need?
Jotenkin tuntuu, että tämä on...
Tai että mikä se...
Tai kuinka iso se...
It feels a little...
I'm not sure how big of a difference it is in the situation where I could suck on a pastille for a little bit longer, or if I need it right away immediately.
Okei, se ei tunnu...
Okei, so you don't feel like a situation...
You can't identify a situation where you need to immediately have it?
Joo.
No, not really.
Niin se ei tunnu...
Okei, so you don't feel like a situation...
You can't identify a situation where you need to immediately have it?
Joo.
No, not really.
Niin se ei tunnu...
Okei, so you don't feel like a situation...
You can't identify a situation where you need to immediately have it?
Joo.
No, not really.
Yes, because you can always chew on it.
Minulla ei ole ihan häpeä.
I feel like I don't really identify with because this...
I don't really identify.
It feels like the text is going in that direction, and I don't really get that.
For alcoholics, I guess.
Okay.
Yes, I suppose.
Okay, so type A alcoholics.
Towards the end, I like the idea that you can either suck on it slowly or you can chew on it.
You can just bite down on it for immediate effect.
So it works just as well quickly.
If you're talking about medication, it's always like you need to do it exactly this way, and it's much worse if you bite on a chewable tablet, for example.
I feel like if it's also smaller than a normal pastille, I might feel like I might.
accidentally swallow it.
And then it'll freshen up your whole digestive tract.
But if it's about the size that it is in the picture, do you think this adds any added value to any of you that it's very quick acting?
Not really, no.
I think it's still the package size and the size of the pastille is more important here.
Did anyone find this interesting?
Was there anything about this that was interesting?
I feel like pastilles are already pretty easy to chew on or suck on.
I feel like I don't have a need for any extra fast ones.
Right, and if it's just in there and if you end up in a situation where you need to speak, then.
You just chew on it quickly.
Is that the feeling for everyone else?
Yes?
Yes, I think it would be more interesting for me to see a piece of advertisement for all of these.
I think I would be more convinced by the visual messaging.
And it would be interesting to see some sort of short advertising video of all of these.
I think that would be more convincing for me, how these could sort of be conveyed visually.
Okay, if you think about, you've seen three slightly different concepts.
And you think about the three different situations where you can either enjoy it very quickly or very long lasting effects.
And then the last one was the dental care effects.
Of any of those concepts, is there any one of those that's more interesting to you?
I think the dental care is the most interesting.
Next, we talked a little bit about the packaging, about the packs, and earlier when I talked about whether it's, at least Masa said that you prefer, you like having the packaging be functional, and you also said that the environmental friendliness of the package is important.
What are your other thoughts about packages?
I like having a lid, a cover on it, so that I can open it and then reclose it.
Yes, and then I don't have surprises, so that I don't find the hairy bundles of pastilles on the bottom of my bag.
And the sort of very classic paper cardboard candy box, that's very nice.
like a normal plastic candy bag, the small rectangular candy or pastel box is actually pretty nice and presentable.
Okay, next I will show you a few concepts of what kinds of packages these could come with.
And first we will take a look at the clean feel.
You don't need to worry about the text because it's completely the same as what we just read.
This is the clean and fresh feel in your mouth wherever you go.
So the picture here describes the box.
It doesn't have a logo or anything on it, but it has this hexagonal little package and then it has...
It's shaped like a disc.
I wonder why.
It always has to be this sort of...
It's at least hexagonal, but it does look like a snooze disc a little bit.
Yes, that's what first comes to mind for me.
I feel like it's maybe because of that reason, it's a little bit trendy to have something of that shape.
I don't feel like that's any smaller either.
It looks pretty normal size.
It might take even more space.
I'm sure it's good for holding them in.
And I will show you an example of it.
It would be this size.
It's pretty thick.
If you want to have that in your pocket, it takes up a lot of space.
And this says that it's plant-based plastic, but it is plastic.
At least there's some.
Waste plastic solutions, I think, it's something like that.
They're developing those in Lappeenranta at least.
And of course, when you look at it from afar, it still looks like normal plastic, even if it's plant-based plastic, so people are not going to assume that it's more environmentally friendly.
And I don't believe that you can place it in bio-waste either, so I'm not sure which recycling bin this would go into.
How many of you would find it an obstacle for you to buy it if it's in this kind of plastic bin?
Two of you?
I think it's quite a lot better for it to be in other packages.
And this is just 3D printed, so it doesn't work in the optimal fashion, so don't spin it around too much, but.
Just so you can get the feel for it, how it feels and what it looks like.
If I can ask a question, would this be something that you could sell refillable bags for?
Because that would be interesting.
Okay, who would find that interesting if they sold refills for this?
Everyone, almost everyone.
Okay, and then it would all actually be, for the first time you can buy the box, and then next time you can start buying these basically transparent bags with the refill bags.
That would be, you would at least save the package.
I wouldn't at least pay, I at least wouldn't pay any extra for the packaging.
If the price was higher because of this package, I wouldn't pay for it.
Okay, and if you imagine that it stays shut, it doesn't accidentally open, it.
...
in the pocket or in the bag.
You said that it might look like a snooze box, but is there anything good about the box?
I'm sure it would be pretty robust, it looks pretty sturdy.
But this is a prototype, so it opens a little bit easier, but if it stays closed...
I think it also depends on the target demographic, who likes what, for some people that might be great, especially if you can have the refill bags for it.
Yes, it's a little bit unusual looking, it would at least stand out in the shelves.
And what if...
And if this was the clean feel...
En dit is de clean feel, deze lange freshness die ook geeft je die compréhensieve clean feel, zoals je je teetjes hebt geborsteld.
Zou de verpakking geschikt zijn voor dat concept?
Ik denk dat ik zou zeggen dat het eruit ziet als minder pastels dan de normale zakken, omdat de verpakking groter is.
Ik had verwacht dat het minder ruimte had voor de pastels.
Wat als je vermoedt dat het dezelfde aantal heeft?
Zou het bij dezelfde prijs zijn?
Het ziet er een beetje uit als een duurder product, gebaseerd op de verpakking.
Ik krijg dat gevoel van het bekijken.
Ja, ik denk het.
De verpakking ziet eruit als iets dat een beetje meer kost.
Oké.
Oké, en speciaal omdat het niet de traditionele vorm heeft, dus het kan wat extra manufacturingskosten hebben.
En ook verpakking, kan je zoveel van deze op de pallet zetten als met de traditionele.
Zou de passiel ook dezelfde vorm zijn als de box?
Dus het zou de brand ook reflecteren.
Ja, het is niet echt duurzaam, mijn denk.
Zelfs als het plantbased plastic is, ja, het voelt me nog steeds niet.
Maar koopt iemand de chipmints, de mintenboxen?
De met de plastic box.
Waarom voor je die?
Omdat je zei dat je die koopt, zelfs als ze plastic zijn, maar je zou deze niet kopen.
You had the long extreme fresh in this kind of box.
I think at least for me it doesn't really matter what the box is, even if it's just sort of a loose candy pick and mix kind of selection.
The product is the thing that I'm the most concerned about.
Okay, so you're not too worried about...
It would be okay if it's in this kind of box, you wouldn't be immediately turned away from it.
Yes, I could try to recycle it some other way.
I think the classic cardboard box is just simpler.
I think I would expect it to be simple to use, even if I'm sure this is simple to use as well.
But then do I need to stick my fingers in too much?
Ik denk dat dit een soort van een fidget toy kan zijn, dat je het gewoon op je tafel zet op het kantoor.
Als je er toevallig te veel op zet, dan is het makkelijk om dat met anderen te delen.
Als ik dit op een gegeven moment zou kopen en een vriend van mij me vroeg of ik snoes begon te nemen, dan zou hij me moeten uitleggen dat het eigenlijk een pastille is en dat het een advertisment zou geven.
Ik denk dat ze geen snoesboxen hebben die precies op die manier zijn, dus het is een beetje anders.
Het ziet er anders uit.
Oké, dus je zou niet willen stoppen en uitleggen aan iemand anders dat het een pastillebox is.
Ik weet niet of het het einde van de wereld is als ik het iemand moet uitleggen, maar het voelt alsof je te veel probeert te uitleggen dat je gewoon zegt dat je geen snoes gebruikt, het is gewoon pastilles.
Does iemand anders voelen dat dit handig zou zijn om in een zak of tas te hebben?
Geeft dit extra waarde?
Ik vind het idee een beetje leuk dat je het kleinere tabblad hebt en dan ook het grotere tabblad als je het bijvoorbeeld met iemand anders wilt delen.
Maar dan moeten ze jouw pasil aanraken en dat is onhygiënisch.
Ik veronderstel dat dat ook waar is.
En ik denk dat de navulbaarheid interessant zou zijn.
Zoals ik zei, het is een prototype, dus maak je geen zorgen als het gemakkelijk breekt.
En dan, zou het je extra waarde geven als de pasil dezelfde vorm had als de verpakking?
Ik denk dat het een grappig idee zou zijn, maar ik zou er niet te veel aandacht aan besteden.
I would also want to try it, yes.
So, three?
Ja mä maistetaan kohta kuitenkin toisenlaisiin.
I think the box would also be convenient if you're working outside or moving around a lot, then that would be good.
If it's also waterproof and it's at least a little bit moisture-proof, that it doesn't immediately break or leak.
But you wouldn't want this as a fine lady to pick out of your handbag.
And I'm not sure if it's intended to last for a long time.
I know the cardboard packs don't last very long, but how long will you actually keep one of these?
I'm sure how long I need my pastilles to last.
Okay, so then we'll move on to Quick Mint.
Here we have a different picture, but we don't have a.
prototype for you on this, but I will sort of demonstrate for you how it would work.
But there's a picture here.
So basically it would be the same shape as this.
But then you can see that it has this little red triangle on the outside.
So when you push on it like this, then from the other side it would open up this sort of hatch and then it sort of clicks out one quick mint.
And those are smaller than the other ones.
I was also thinking about this, whether the next step will be something like this where you can extract, dispense one at a time.
So what do you feel about this?
I think of the sort of asthma inhalers first from the shape.
Yes, okay, it looks a little bit like that.
Yes, and the colors also look a little bit like.
Airway medication.
I will later show you some more final versions of this, but does that give you any added value compared to the tabs earlier?
I think that's better, that I don't need to reach out and grab them from inside the box.
Yes, and I can sort of...
I think it would also be fun to fiddle around with, to fishing out, I don't need to fish around for the last passil there, so I can actually just get one at a time out of it without touching the passils, and that would be nice for people who care about hygiene.
Yes, and it also helps to share with others.
If your hands are dirty, you're working outside or something, then you can just get one out easily.
And it's easier to share, yes.
And how would this work if it just has a few pastilles in there?
Does it still work well or do I need to click it a lot?
If I just have three inside.
And again, could you refill this?
I think I would expect this kind of dispenser to raise the price quite a lot.
And it does have a different mechanism, so it's probably more expensive, yeah?
Okay.
And does it feel like it would be too expensive?
Yes, again, I wouldn't want to pay extra for that.
Same.
And it can't be environmentally friendly.
But what if it's made from plant-based plastic?
It does mention the plant-based plastic here, yeah.
I think it'll still be less environmentally friendly than the cardboard box.
Oké.
Oké, wie van jullie zou zeggen dat de klikverdeler beter is dan die met de deksel?
Voor jou?
Sommigen aan de verkeerde kant?
En is het omdat je er hygiënisch gewoon een uit kunt halen?
Ja, maar het is waar dat voor alle andere redenen, ik zeker weet dat dat duurder zou zijn en het zou ook een storing kunnen hebben waardoor het niet werkt, maar ik weet niet zeker of het uiteindelijk beter is.
En als we het hebben over de quick mint, dat was een soort van iets waar je heel snel in je mond kunt stoppen en dan meteen het directe effect krijgt, zou dit werken voor dat concept?
In ieder geval, vooral als het nog steeds goed werkt als de doos bijna leeg is.
And I would prefer the one with the tabs.
Spencer is better.
Or maybe you could have a three-in-one, you can have all three choices in one.
Okay, and moving on, I will show you the next one, and remember that this is not perfectly final either, it probably wouldn't be like this in the end, but you can maybe get a bit of a better feeling for how it will look like.
This would be the clean feel with the same text still, but now it has...
And what would the material be?
I think it's the same, a plant-based plastic.
Yes, it looks a little bit more like metal.
Yes, it does.
Yes, that's true.
Yes, but it would be plastic.
The plant-based plastic.
Does this change your opinion of the product if you see it like this?
I think it looks pretty stylish and it works well with the Mynthen brand, the Mynthen image.
And now I can more sort of practically imagine this in the store shelves now compared to the previous ones.
And at least for me, the details on the...
If you have the details of the little edge, the little lip on the side of the lid, I think the pastels would get stuck on that when you try to pour them out.
I feel like I would never be able to get just one out, it would be two or three.
Yes, I also don't feel like this would be easier to use.
Yes, or I just need to reach in and grab them.
And for people with very big fingers, then that would be impossible.
It's gonna be a struggle.
Or I need to sort of twist it open entirely and open up the whole box and then the whole point is wasted.
If I'm trying with the prototype to take just one at a time, the lip is pretty high on the side so it does get stuck on the edge.
We need to have a test and time it how long it takes for us to get it out.
So once you shake it that much, then it will probably roll onto the floor and so on.
We can continue to assume that these are not the final versions.
I think it would be very fun if you could have this sort of small, too small hole that you need to really struggle to get the pastille out.
Do you feel like this looks bigger?
I feel like this looks like it fits a lot more pastilles.
Do you feel like it would be better if it would be bigger than the prototype?
Okay, so this would be suitable?
Yes, it depends on the price again, but I think if it's a good flavor and it's nice, then it would be nice to have a bigger one as well for sharing.
At least earlier you mentioned that this is pretty suitable for the Minton brand.
Someone said that.
Yeah.
And why is that?
Why does this look like it's a suitable fit for Minton?
Maybe it's the coloring and Minton, maybe more of a modern type of Minton.
What about the rest of you?
Do you think this is suitable for Minton?
Yes, and I'm also used to using Minton and it usually has exactly that kind of shape.
It heeft precies die vorm met de andere producten ook.
Dus alleen op basis van de vorm zou ik dit associëren met Menthon.
Oké, en wat betreft, maakt dit nog steeds dat je denkt aan een snoezebox?
Misschien alleen van de eerste reactie, ja.
Maar nu ik het meer bekijk en zie dat het de kleur heeft, dan maakt dat me minder denken aan een snoezebox.
Op basis van wat het eruit ziet, voelt het alsof het een sterke effect en een sterke smaak zou hebben.
En in dat geval is het een goede match voor Menthon.
En dit was de schone gevoel, dus dit was de met de dentale zorgvoordelen.
Voelt dit je geloofwaardig als een Menthon product?
Dat Menthon dit soort schone gevoel zou kunnen hebben, een echt effectieve schoonmaak- en frisselproduct?
Ja.
Ja, pakkaus ei siinä lisäarvoa anna.
And the packaging design also, that is not just, it doesn't make me think of a snooze box when it's more colorful and it says mint on clearly.
It looks better, but I'm not sure if it's more practical.
Okay, so there's a bit of a skepticism there.
So you would want to have it more developed a bit further.
Again, these are prototypes, so you would want the functionality developed.
Understood.
So then we had the long and extreme fresh, which at least some of you found the most interesting.
So this would look like this.
So pretty much the same or the same shape.
So how do you feel about...
Does this change at all when you see the branding on it?
Mulla se on vähän sama, ei oikeastaan muuta kuin mun kason pakkaus ei ole entinen syy ostaa.
Het duidelijk beschrijft op de doos dat de blauwe plastic kleur ook hetzelfde bevat.
Just focusing on the packages side by side with the previous one, I would first look at the one that looked better.
But imagine if you had just this one product in front of you.
Because like you said, if you had the clean feel and extreme freshness and they looked the same, then which one would you choose?
Then I would definitely try this product with the violet, the purple background.
But if it was moved into this kind of box, would it be confusing for it to be all in similar looking boxes?
Would this have to be just a specific menthol product?
I think you could have a whole family of products just having in these hexagonal boxes, but color-coded differently.
If they want to develop different flavors, you could have a blue and a green one or a red one for a strawberry, citrus for yellow.
You could play around with that.
Ik vind de kleur, de lichtblauwe smaak werkt voor mij heel goed.
Ik denk dat dit de meest aantrekkelijke is van deze drie.
Oké, dus je vond het idee van de klikbare dispenser leuk.
Ja, ik koop niet veel menthol, dus het is niet het meest aantrekkelijke, maar als ik erover nadenk in termen van een verpakking, is het zeker aantrekkelijker dan menthol gemiddeld.
En als de klikbare dispenser aan die kant zit, dat je hem van deze kant knijpt, weet ik niet zeker, het is niet erg duidelijk voor mij aan welke kant het eruit zou komen.
Of ik zou liever hebben dat het uit deze klikbare dispenser zelf komt.
Ik heb gewoon duidelijke instructies voor hier drukken en dan komt de pastille hieruit.
Did anyone's impression of the product change once you saw that it's menthol?
Go ahead.
If I didn't see this, I'm not sure how I would know how to use it.
It's not very clear.
I'm worried that I would break the mechanism before I get anything out of it.
I'm also worried that if it breaks, then will it spill all of it out?
Okay.
And if this was the sort of quick mint that it's very discreet, you can very quickly get one out and pop it in your mouth without being seen, even if that wasn't a need that you really identified with.
Does that seem interesting?
Niin, mun mielestä tässä on tää pahanhajunen hengitys ja hirveä suuproblematiikka.
All of these are very forward on the bad breath.
If they market with the sort of embarrassment and shame first, I think that's a bad approach.
I would prefer it because like with the head and shoulders, I already have dandruff and this is sort of the same thing that it's kind of marketing based on the shame of having bad breath.
It's very negative.
And you're maybe overthinking a little bit, but some people definitely might have that feeling.
It's true.
So let's rank these one more time and think about both the packaging and the description.
So we have the quick mint, then we have the long extreme fresh,.
And then the clean feel.
So if I have to ask you, based on these three, if you have to choose just one out of these, who finds the quick mint to be their favorite?
Was this anyone's favorite?
The package or the product?
The both, as a total concept.
This product in this package.
I will ask you separately about the packages, but now think about both of them together.
I think the quick mint is my favorite, yeah.
And what's your favorite thing about it?
slowly or bite on it immediately and both give me the same effect, then that's good.
Okay, then we'll take clean feel next.
Who had clean feel as their favorite?
That was the xylitol one, right?
Yes, that's mine.
I would also say that.
So chew, because of the xylitol.
And also the box is also packaged.
It's fun.
I like it.
You can also add me on the clean feel.
I would also choose it because of the xylitol.
Just because of the xylitol?
That's the biggest criterion in line with my values, I would say.
That would make me interested.
I'm not always buying based on my values, but when I am shopping based on my values, then I would probably pick this out of these three.
So you would want the xylitol based on your values?
Yes, I would prefer to have xylitol to be the element that provides the dental care, that doesn't have the other sweetening agents and so on.
But you were almost saying long extreme fresh.
Yes, that's true.
The difference is not big between those.
So long extreme, if I calculate correctly, we would have five people with long extreme as their favorite.
Who would pick long extreme as their favorite?
We're missing four people and we have a lot of abstaining empty votes.
Did you pick one?
I haven't picked one, no.
So at least three of you picked long extreme.
So now we have seven.
I think I will also, I'm between long extreme and clean feel because the xylitol is a pretty important factor for me as well in clean feel.
If it was just the product, but the package was also better.
The package was better in quick mint, so if you had clean feel in the quick mint package, that might be better.
Then what about the long extreme?
What was the best thing about it?
The long flavor?
The freshness?
The freshness is important.
And in both of these, it mentions the freshening agents, the freshening ingredients, and the strong menthol.
It sounds like.
This one has xylitol in addition to everything else.
So I'm not sure how this can be any longer effect than the one with the xylitol.
Maybe they have another magic ingredient in there we don't know about.
In that case I would probably pick Clean Feel at the end.
Because with the xylitol mostly.
Okay.
So if you could change something about these, what would be the perfect combination?
Some of you said having something in between Clean Feel and Long Extreme.
Yes, I would add xylitol to the Long Extreme and also the fancier package, the metal looking package on the Long Extreme.
Okay, and then you would think it's perfect.
Yes, out of this combination.
I see nodding from others.
Who would prefer to have Long Xtreme with xylitol?
One, two, three, four, five, at least five.
I would like to have the Long Xtreme with xylitol in a cardboard package.
We just need to launch five different product lines for the same past sales and then it's perfect.
So for the Long Xtreme, was the important thing that it's the freshness or what was the most interesting part of it?
Because some of you ended up choosing it anyway.
It's the long-lasting effect.
This says that it has a long-lasting effect and the clean field says it has xylitol on top of that.
So I'm not sure where the difference comes from.
Okay, so Cleanfield 4, Longestream 3, and QuickMint 1.
I will show you one more concept.
This is called Triple Freshness.
I will let you read this out loud by yourselves, and once you've read it, then I'll get your comments.
It's some of the similar stuff as some of the other ones.
Hoe lang duurt een pakje pastilles voor mensen?
Is er iets anders dat interessant is?
Ik weet niet zeker waarom het doosje xylitol niet vermeldt als het het wel heeft.
Oké, dus je zou het op het doosje willen hebben?
Ja, het moet zeker op het doosje worden vermeld, want dat is meteen waardevoller voor mij als het xylitol vermeldt.
Oké, is er iets anders dat anders is aan dit vergeleken met de eerste drie?
Ik denk dat het gewoon een combinatie lijkt te zijn van alle drie.
Als je deze drie al hebt, waarom hebben we dan de individuele als je degene hebt die alle drie in één is?
Nou, geen van deze bestaat natuurlijk, dus wat als je alleen de drievoudige frisheid had?
Nou, het zou afhangen van hoe lang het effect aanhoudt.
Als dit ook een langdurig effect heeft, denk ik dat ik persoonlijk de drievoudige frisheid zou verkiezen boven bijvoorbeeld iets met een iets langduriger effect zonder xylitol.
okay so you think triple freshness is a clear winner and then quick mint of course has its own mechanism which could be a different sales advantage but I think this would be number one so far for me.
Okay anyone else?
The only thing I'm wondering about is you talk about the comparative effects of like is it compared to competing products or whatever else what does the longer lasting mean?
And the triple freshness I'm not sure if it means as a name it doesn't really tell me what it means.
And what about the concept?
Is this more compelling than the other concepts?
Masa is nodding?
Yes I think so.
En andere freshening ingredients.
If I like the two first ones, then this certainly is better than the other two.
And how is this different from the green feel?
Because it does have xylitol and menthol and the freshening, the cooling ingredients, but the menthol is also included in the green feel.
I think green feel was just long-lasting, but the triple long-lasting, triple freshness is different.
Yes, I'm also not convincing.
I don't know what triple freshness means, but it says it's something more.
Because there's sort of sales promises, I would want to try it first myself.
Okay, but as a concept, it seems interesting.
Who would buy triple freshness?
Or if I can ask, if we need to rank it here on the board, would someone want to move triple freshness into your favorite slot?
Would you like to move your vote from another product into triple freshness?
You don't need to if you don't want to.
Would anyone find this as their new number one?
Is this more interesting than the three first ones?
I think the credibility is lost here a little bit where it talks about the triple freshness.
It's trying to do too much.
Yes, it's selling too many things at once.
I think I would give my vote to it.
Okay, so you want the long lasting effect and the others and the xylitol.
So what is their important difference?
I do recognize the contradiction here that all of these kind of say they're long lasting and they have so much in common.
I don't really see what the actual concrete difference is.
And the triple freshness doesn't mention the xylitol even though it is a big part of it.
Yes, the text mentions it, but the packaging doesn't mention it.
Okay, but let's assume the package mentions, let's assume that it says xylitol in big letters.
So if it does, then I would pick it.
If I don't know that it has xylitol beforehand, I would want it to be on the box clearly.
I think the box is the best so far.
But would you buy it based on the package?
I would say with a clean feel, even with the package.
Okay, so you moved from long extreme to triple freshness with the xylitol.
Was that the main difference, the xylitol?
Yes.
Yes, I think so.
it has the effect of all the other three without looking into it more deeply.
It's interesting in that sense.
Okay, next I have a few packages that I'll show you at the end.
I've given eye on the clock so that I know we're on the schedule.
If you'll just gather up the papers, we don't need those anymore.
And I will show you a few packages.
And out of these, you can tell me which ones do you think stand out, which ones are interesting, which ones are good, or whatever comes to mind.
These are ones you can find in Finland and a few in foreign.
Markets as well.
I have few of these and a few other ones, but we'll just go through this quickly.
We don't have too much time for this section.
Here we have icebreakers.
Are you familiar with this?
No?
No.
And it has this kind of similar kind of tab as well.
You can pass them around real quick.
Then we have a smint.
And this one, for example, has this clickable dispenser, which works like this.
It's a little bit stuck.
Then we have this R branded one.
This is on the packaging and not the colors.
And here we have another one, this is also one you can pour with this kind of dispenser that sometimes works.
And then I have the classic Menthen box, everyone's probably familiar with this.
And then I have Frisk, this is also a pretty classical one, and Fisherman's Fend, everyone's probably familiar with that.
And I will give you two more with a Mentos, but this one is not open.
And finally the Tic Tac, this is probably familiar to all of you as well.
So what do you feel about, how do you feel about these?
Mitkä erottuu nyt kouluttajana?
Ja tämä Fisherman's Friend-pää, se on todella hyödyllistä käyttää, vaikka se on tällaista.
Ja jos ajatellaan, että jos sinulla on suosikki pastillit tällaisessa pakkaussa, niin millä sinä haluaisit?
Minä haluan tämän, koska se on liikkeellä, mentola-pakkaus, koska sen voi laittaa hyvin pienelle paketille tai pakkaille.
Ja mielestäni tämän pakkaus on erittäin kiva, koska sillä on tämä karttikorjaus, jotta sinä et vahvisteta sen.
Okei, jotain muuta?
Mielestäni Fisherman's Friend on vaikea, koska se on iso.
Tämä, kun sen avaat yhden kerran, et voi sen enää laittaa, koska se on pakkaus.
Tosi vetäjä, yksi otelaista autta.
Ja kanssi aika suttiokkaa.
Ja mä mietin sitä isoa lukua.
Yhdistykset.
Siinä on isotkin lukkassa.
Se oli vähän vaikeeta.
And I think this one also, you can notice that it has the smaller and bigger tab on it.
That's interesting.
And all of these are very similar to each other, some of these.
And so this one clearly has the icebreakers has the same idea as the one of the prototypes that it has these two different sized tabs.
Okay, but you found this difficult to open.
Yes, the icebreakers was difficult to open.
I can easily open the small one, but the bigger one is difficult.
And if I think about the amount of plastic used on these, it's a plastic package and then it's.
Also wrapped in plastic, so from an environmental perspective I would absolutely prefer the Fisherman's Friend and the cardboard packages, so they are very functional for me as well, I've never had a problem with them.
Okay, so the packaging material would be important to you, yes.
And the blue mint was the easiest for me to use as well.
And here we have Masa's favorite.
What do the rest of you think of this, the chip mint from Minton?
No thoughts?
That doesn't really give me any additional value.
It's just fine.
I would probably pick the cardboard one over that.
And is any of these packages one that really sort of conveys functionality for you?
And you can think about it for...
I'll ask you about the environmental friendliness and stuff next, but...
Ja kaikki muut sai auki paitsi nää.
Is any of these particularly functional?
Kaikki muut sai auki paitsi nää.
I think the Mentos is pretty easy to open.
I think it's fun.
Tämä on helppo päästä sisään, iso luukku.
I think this one is the easiest to use because it has a big tab on it and you can easily get them out.
Ja jos mietit sen noita äsken kuin puhuittaisit.
And if you put these on top of each other, you can stack them very easily as well.
Okei, ja nyt voidaan siirrytä.
And now shall we move on?
Jos mietit sen noita äsken kuin puhuittaisit.
If you think about the previous concepts, the clean feel, long stream or triple freshness or quick mint, all the pastils, mikä olisi mielenkiintoisemmin idea?
What would be the interesting idea?
Onko tässä mitään, joka olisi suosikkikonseptin sopiva?
Is there any of these packages that you think would be most suitable for the favorite concept that you picked earlier?
If you could have whichever product you chose earlier as your favorite, which package would you want it in?
I think this sort of a screw-unscrew lid, this sort of tablet jar, the same that you can have for example medication, this sort of shape like a coffee cup with a lid on top of it, the same as you have for medication, that's as this screw-on cap, I would prefer that.
What about anything out of these packages on the table?
This one, the mint blue, the Vicks blue, how many of you would prefer the Vicks blue?
Four of you, four, maybe five?
And is the strength there that you said that it opens and closes easily?
Is the cardboard the biggest reason?
Not for me?
What would be the main reason for you?
I think it seems like it's very functional.
The only downside is that if you have them very quickly, then if you're outdoors, the box might not be helpful anymore or the cardboard might break too easily and get spilled in your box.
So in that sense, the Mentos box might be easier.
You can more easily get exactly one out at a time.
Yes, I can also just imagine how easy it is to spill out of these.
So those of you who did not pick Vicks, which would you pick?
Would you still pick the hexagon or maybe?
I would say that I really like playing with these boxes.
I like them as fidget toys as well.
And with this, I haven't.
in a long time use the classic pastel boxes, but I think this is very fun to play around with, and it's convenient.
So I think I would want to be between this and I would be between the Vicks Blue Menthol chip and the hexagonal box.
Okay, understood?
And then we have a few more.
Here we have a few different choices.
Few different menthol boxes.
Here we have this that we're familiar with from the chip mint.
The same one you saw just now.
And then we have a version like this.
This is also a prototype.
This is not in use, but it's basically this sort of cardboard slider box where you press on it and then it dispenses the thing like this.
ja sitten on tällainen paketti, jossa on tämmöinen menton, että ne voi painaa.
I'm not sure, I would need to try both of them.
And then it has this kind of stopper to stop it from going too far.
Again, I have to emphasize that these are prototypes.
Okay, understood.
So, what do you think about these now that you see these?
I have seen these chewing gum in this kind of thin pack.
So, it would definitely, I think, support the idea that it would be something with a dental care effect in it.
Like the clean feel.
Okay, so you feel like it would suit that concept.
I see.
I feel like I don't really like these ones where the chewing gum is in there one at a time.
It makes me think of medication first.
I don't want that association.
I will show you a printout with all of the packaging options.
En dan we hebben iets als dit.
Dus, wanneer je deze soort pastels gebruikt, welke van deze pakketten zou je het leukst vinden?
En dan kun je er kort op schrijven waarom.
En dan vraagt het ook, het heeft alle verschillende productideeën hieronder, de concepten die we hebben gekeken.
Uit die, kijk naar de verschillende soorten verpakking en schrijf op welke soort verpakking het beste zou passen voor elke van die concepten.
En de brands zijn in de beelden afgehaald, maar het is de EU's Ice Breakers, ik denk dat die de R was.
Je kunt de dozen hier bekijken voor referentie als je dat nodig hebt, maar schrijf op de...
Ik wil je eraan herinneren dat deze pakketten, sommige ervan prototypes zijn, dus als er iets aan te verbeteren is, zouden ze verder worden ontwikkeld.
ostaa, kun minulla itsellä on luurutekki toi peukalo ja niiväärä oma käsissäni, niin ei ihan saa mitään auki.
Kyllä kannattaa vähän miettiä.
Mä en ole kohtunut vielä, niin tätä ei saakaan auki.
Some of these ones are very difficult to open for me.
If I basically can't open this.
That was the problem for me as well, that if I'm gripping onto it too tightly, then it won't open anymore.
So there's something about the fatement.
So which box, which package did you choose as your favorite?
J?
J?
J or K?
J or K?
J, okei.
Okei, let's take the J's first.
Kuinka paljon valitsi sen?
How many of you picked J?
Me.
J saatiin vähän.
So one vote for J.
Anyone else?
K.
K for Kilo.
Anyone else?
So three votes for Kilo.
Koo oli siis, se oli tää.
Ihan tää VIX.
And that was the VIX.
VIX basic pahempa.

Red pastille first, the pastille from the bowl with a red mark, and then there's the blue one next.
So this side of the table can try the blue first, and then you can try the red first.
And once you're finished with that, try the other one.
So you had the one with the red mark on it.
What do you think about it?
It's pretty strong?
Not too strong?
Not strong enough?
What about this side?
It's very mild?
It's very quick to dissolve?
What about the size and the shape?
I think the size is pretty suitable?
This is definitely one that could be very discreet and unnoticeable.
Okay, and then you can try the other one.
While you're trying those out and commenting on those, and these definitely feel long-lasting, I think.
And at the same time, we're a little bit over time already, so now I will open the floor for any open comments to the back room.
If you have any comments that you want to give to the people who are developing these, can you give them any advice overall?
The first one definitely felt more long-lasting, but I'm not sure if it gradually starts...
The red one is a little bit fresher.
It gives you more of that fresh feeling and feels like it opens up the airways to your nose as well.
Okay, so now you've gone to try and look and taste these products.
What are your general takeaways for our clients?
What should they think about if they're trying to talk about this with the Finnish markets?
I think the functionality of the packages.
I think with these the marketing team must have been very excited about them.
But for example the G&H packages, they weren't functional in the end.
And the J package also, I liked it a lot as an idea, but it took a lot of time for me to actually get a pastel out of it.
Okay, and if you could improve these in any way, would you have any specifics either?
I think the second idea is out of cardboard, are very interesting.
I also chewed through both of these last pastels.
Any other last comments?
Do you have any final comments?
Well, you shouldn't focus as much on the package, invest more in the product.
But you need to have some.
sort of package, so what are your requests for it?
I think I would want to have a bit of a bigger disc, bigger size for the hexagonal shape, that would be more functional.
And if you have these packages that kind of have with dispensers that you can use with one hand, it should be sturdy enough that it doesn't break down immediately, especially if it's made out of cardboard, which is fun otherwise.
And the idea for a refillable version with maybe a bit of a nicer package is also interesting.
If you have to pay a little bit more for it, but then it's refillable, that's cool.
Okay, so something even nicer, maybe a metal package?
Yes, that could maybe even work for some sort of cardboard package that you can then pour into a bigger package.
Yes, and having I feel some of these where it feels like they're just big packages that don't really actually have a lot of pastilles inside them.
And I'm always looking at price and quality ratio first, so the appearance of the package doesn't really matter for me as much, it's what pastel works well.
And of course, I still need to get the pastel out of the package, that's important.
Okay, thank you very much.
Sorry that we're going a little bit over time, and I will give these out to you.
And before I let you go, everyone pay attention and make sure that you have a 50 and a 10 in your gift cards, and I will check with the back room if they have any extra questions.
Thank you very much.
I will end the recordings, and sorry for going over time.
You had a lot of good ideas, so it was fun to talk.
Have a safe trip home, and remember to use your gift cards.